With Mars in Aries your instinct is warrior like and quick to take action. This is the fearless firefighter who rushes into a blazing building without thinking twice. Brave yes, but all too often this is a placement that will suffer burns in the romance department. If you have Mars in Aries you want what you want but don't seem to consider any consequences. You have a very strong sex drive and it's likely that you'll want to get down to business immediately and often. Always first at the finish line, those with Mars in Aries will take pride in being the number one lover although you tend towards being selfish in bed and may rush. Mars in Aries craves excitement in love and sex.
With Mars in Taurus you have a steady, enduring stream of energy that doesn't rush but always finishes what is started. In love and sex you're capable of keeping the fire lit all night long. You don't need anything fancy to get you in the mood since you're the most sensuous of all the signs. In fact, physical pleasure is essential to your well being and Mars in Taurus will aggressively pursue achieving this gratification. Mars in this sign endows you with great perseverance and determination. In your sexual relationships you desire someone who isn't inhibited with the earthy, lustful act of two bodies engaged in pure animal delight.
With Mars in Gemini you have a great energy for communication. This power in your words is most assertively used in matters of love and sexual gratification. You have very little problem verbalizing your needs in sex or telling a partner that you want to try something new. Mars in Gemini does become bored quite easily and since this is the planet of action in restless sign romantic pursuits should always have a fresh trick up their sleeve if your desire is expected to last long. Mars in Gemini has a strong intellectual drive so mental pleasure can sometimes be more important than sex. In love, some good pillow talk will be the biggest turn on for this sign.
With Mars in Cancer you have a sensitive and moody sexual energy. Your need for emotional connection must be satisfied in order for you to fully enjoy physical sex. In fact, you are likely to become emotionally attached to anyone you sleep with. It's difficult for you to separate love and sex since they are, for your sign anyway, two sides of the same coin. You have a primal need to nurture and protect both yourself and those you love. This can make Mars in Cancer a sign that becomes too self protective and even passive aggressive in the pursuit of desires. Mixed signals are likely from this sign. When you are in pursuit of your desires however, you're likely to be very romantic.
With Mars in Leo you have a deep desire to be as flamboyant in your expression of love and desire as possible. No other sign can compete with your romantic energy since Leo rules love, sex and romance! Mars in Leo does tend toward the assertive pursuit of its own creative self expression and you have a strong desire for being recognized and respected in all you do. You act with nobility and pride in all aspects of life but this is especially apparent in your sexual pursuits. Mars in Leo wants to be a lover who is remembered for being warm hearted and capable of keeping the fun in love for a long time to come. And as long as you get the attention you need, you'll do just that!
With Mars in Virgo your energy is refined and discriminating. In everything you seek to do there is an exacting standard you must attain, always, in order for your drive to be fulfilled. In matters of sex and love you can be quite a productive romantic partner - both in and out of the bedroom! Mars in Virgo is the essence of serving energy so pleasing your lover and satisfying every sexual need is a turn on for you. You see sex in a healthy, necessary way to release energy tension and even though you are attracted to someone who has a healthy respect for their body, you're not looking for the perfect person. Your energy is more the type to love someone that can become more perfect through your energy.
With Mars in Libra your energy in matters of achievement is more tempered than other signs. You're a lover, not a fighter. Since you are overly concerned with the other person and their needs with Mars in Libra, you can make an excellent, accommodating lover indeed. You must be assured that your partner is thrilled before you can enjoy yourself. At the same time however, you could suffer with some underlying anger and aggression if your own physical needs are being ignored. Although you won't come right out and say this, you expect your partner to know what to do to satisfy you since you go so out of the way to ensure their pleasure. Mars in Libra is concerned with energy balance and equality.
With Mars in Scorpio you have a magnetic energy and desires that run so deep they might intimidate other people. There's an inner strength to this sign that no one can compete with. You have the power of a volcano inside your body, along with the self control that chooses when to allow it to explode. Mars in Scorpio is very much concerned with the deeper significance of sex and love. This sign wants full intensity and commitment in sex and will want to own a sexual partner. You may resort to manipulative or subversive tactics to accomplish this if you feel love is threatened. The attack of Mars in Scorpio is akin to the searing pain of burns on your flesh. But just as you are capable of these dark depths, the heights your energy can achieve are more healing than any other.
With Mars in Sagittarius your energy for adventure is strong. You love to assert your intellect and beliefs on others and may be guilty of coming on a bit too strong in this area. With Mars in Sagittarius you're known for an aggressive hold on your opinions and this isn't a placement that easily admits being wrong. In sexual matters your energy is bold and adventurous but your spirit must always remain free so this Mars position won't tolerate a clingy lover. Mars in Sagittarius needs to have fun and experience sex in a very direct way. Although you love games and sports, when it comes to sex you rarely want mind games - only the physical ones!
With Mars in Capricorn you have a strong, earthy and ambitious energy. Although you possess a lusty sexuality with this Mars placement, you appear to be very subdued and controlled so one wouldn't know this unless they were intimate with you. Mars in Capricorn prefers endurance in sex rather than the quick sprint to the finish line. You also have the ability to control your sex drive like no other sign can. Mars in Capricorn is capable of denying pleasure altogether and focusing their ambitious energy on career matters instead. When you are in a sexual relationship, you prefer to be with a partner who is experienced or even older. What's tried and true works for you in matters of sex.
With Mars in Aquarius you have unusual ideas and attitudes when it comes to sex and your energy will be rather eccentric as you pursue your desires. In fact, what turns you on is likely to confuse the average person. For you, anything worth pursuing must contain a mental connection first. If you don't feel mental arousal, it's impossible to have physical stimulation. The problem is, what turns you on with Mars in Aquarius could be different every day. Phone or cyber sex is particularly appealing to you as are all forms of nontraditional and experimental sexcapades. In general, Mars in Aquarius has the most progressive energy to direct itself where other people would never consider going.
With Mars in Pisces your energy for compassion and sacrifice could lead you to be quite a tender lover. It can also work against you if you allow your fear or guilt of your normal, healthy sex drive to get the best of you. You may have a difficult time with Mars in Pisces when it comes to actively pursuing that which you desire. In fact, you might dream of your desires rather than go after them. Sexual fantasies are strong with Mars in Pisces and the ideal lover is a dream that you somehow always search for, yet never seem able to grasp. Still, your creative energy is your strength and you will be quite imaginative in sex or in any other creative direction for your assertive powers.