Your North Node is in Aries. This position encourages developing courage, an ability to formulate and defend your opinion and position. Seek not to betray your nature out of cowardice and spiritual opportunism. You should attempt to form your personal scale of values rather than rely on the values accepted by the society. You should seek to rely on your inside, outlook, and heart. Do not be afraid of new things and aim to learn to start everything all over again. You should attempt to develop a bright worldview. Seek to develop a clear and concrete approach to the surrounding world. Avoid opportunism, intrigues, and rumors. Your karmic task is to learn to be true, direct, and unaffected.
Your North Node is in Taurus. This position encourages developing patience and reliance. You should avoid unreasonable risk. You should aim to accumulate values in a peaceful way. You should seek to learn to live out a harmonious earthly love. Attempt to learn to value beauty, tenderness, and femininity as well as love to the Earth. Try to preserve peace and harmony.
Your North Node is in Gemini. It encourages to get rid of giving too much prominence to your personality. You should not be hasty to teach others. You should aim to learn from the surrounding world. Gemini’s program is not the program of a teacher. It is the program of a pupil. It seems that you were too overwhelmed by the existing tradition or even dogma during your past lives. Thus this life expects you to refuse from everything old seeking to create your outlook anew, as if facing everything for the first time.
Your North Node is in Cancer. This position encourages you to develop sensitivity, tenderness, and an ability to care for life, family, and home. One more important task is finding a way to agree with your subconsciousness and intuition as well as learning to follow them. You should learn to respect not only concrete material results, but also feelings and relations. In no way allow yourself to despise a woman, her ability to change the world with the help of love, tenderness, and compassion. You need to seek these values, develop or recall them.
Your North Node is in Leo and it tells that you should develop respect to yourself and others, learn to enjoy and cherish life as well as long-lasting and warm human relations. You should also nurture your kindness, charity, and nobility. You should treat new ideas or inventions with adequate approach. In other words you should seek to examine how they fit and if they are not harmful to the surrounding world.
Your North Node is in Virgo. This position indicates that you should develop rational mind in this life. This is the way of your evolution. Seek to discover concrete and clear answers to any of your questions, even if they are linked with the untraditional capabilities, secrets or spiritual processes. Do not let yourself be satisfied with the answer that you believe just because it is necessary to believe.
Your North Node is in Libra, thus your evolution can be initiated by the development of your positive Libra skills. It is essential to learn to remain always objective, observing situations as if from aside, and to develop the sense of justice. Peace, harmony, and the ability to compromise are the very characteristics that have to be nurtured most. Seek to learn how to find a compromise and how to preserve a nice and long-lasting relationship.
Your North Node is in Scorpio. The North Node obviously tells you that if you are willing develop you will have to face lots of challenges and shakes in this life. The Spirit will try this way to wake you up from the stagnation in the material world. You must experience new things, test yourself, and experience transformation in its full light. This life will demand more than just carefulness and development in a peaceful and safe manner. You must learn to take risks and go for daring plans. Even if you are unwilling to live so, the life itself will be constantly forcing you not only to go deeper into it, but also to experience the reality behind it. You should independently try to go deeper into the spiritual reality, including learning not to be overwhelmed by the material values and wealth. Calm, worldly life without any secrets, risks, and challenges is not meant for you.
Your North Node is in Sagittarius. This position indicates that further evolution requires more than just casual information and involvement in its transmission. You should look for some spiritual tradition, which would organize all scattered information into one united system. It is very important that you found your spiritual teacher, attempted to establish personal authority in society, and aimed for higher education. More mature souls are expected not only to find a teacher and follow the tradition, but also to become teachers forwarding knowledge to others.
Your North Node is in Capricorn. This position strongly encourages you to develop patience, consistency, and an ability to reach goals. You should devote more attention to professional development, spiritual growth, and career than to home and family. Aim to remain objective with respect to your emotions. Learn to observe and control them. Capricorn’s way is the way of an ascetic, yogi, monk or an executive who is able to assume responsibility.
Your North Node is in Aquarius. This position indicates the importance of your efforts to learn to value the world of ideas and the ability to associate more than just cling to your personality and its impact on the surrounding world. Key characteristics that have to be promoted most are freedom, intellectuality, and controlled feelings. Leo’s way reflects enormous passion, affection to people, and worldly values.
Your North Node is in Pisces. This position indicates that you should seek to widen your outlook and world perception with the help of your senses and intuition. This is more important than just the development of your mind and reliance on its capabilities. You should aim not only to discover the world through analysis and concentration on details, but also to apply a broader perspective and aim for harmony.