Those born with Pluto in Aries want to do whatever it takes to get what they desire. They can assess a situation immediately and see what they can get out of it for themselves. If they can’t turn something to their advantage, they are quick to look for another opportunity elsewhere. They are not known for patience. They need to learn not to act rashly and keep some of their energy in reserve. Aries Pluto tends to take extreme action. They can be very optimistic and accomplish quite a lot through their own power. They may attempt to remake themselves and create a new beginning.
Those born with Pluto in Taurus are persistent. Once they make up their mind about something, it is almost impossible to get them to change it. They have an innate talent at handling resources and manipulating their environment to suit their needs. They need material security, and once they gain possession of something it is difficult for them to let it go. They have a unique talent for making things work in their favor. Taurus Pluto has a knack for spotting opportunities to network with others that will benefit them in a material way. If they are not careful, this can become an obsessive behavior. They may never be satisfied with what they have; they may keep seeking to gain more. They need to pull back once in a while and gain some perspective.
Pluto in Gemini meets their needs through their versatility. They interact well with others on an intellectual level. They jump on new ideas and are able to make them a part of their vast body of knowledge so they can use it to their advantage later. They are very curious. Gemini Pluto values their relationships as long as they are stimulated to take their ideas even further. They want to learn as much as possible so they can always be in the lead. They have a knack for solving complex issues with simple solutions. Their main problem is consolidating their knowledge. Their curiosity makes it difficult to do this.
The Pluto in Cancer generation now known as the World War II generation, believed that home, family, and nation was of utmost importance. Yet it wasn't always easy to keep it together.  We had some crazy people who rose to power during that time who took those themes to the extreme like Hitler who wound up destroying a lot of people and their homes in an effort to build his "fatherland".
The next generation Pluto in Leo began in 1937-1939.  As they reached their teenage and early 20's in the 1950's and 60's the Pluto in Leo generation rebelled against their stiff tradition loving, "Leave it to Beaver" parents. This playful generation wanted to smoke marijuana, take off all their clothes and dance in the sun to the music of Rock and Roll!! Sound just like a fun loving Leo.  Leo by the way rules the 5th house, the house of Children.  Yes, you lucky Pluto in Leo's you have discovered the fountain of youth and many of you today in your 60's and 70's look and feel fabulously young!!
When Pluto staggered into Virgo, at the end of 1968, the hippie era had crescendoed, the world woke up to chaos. The younger siblings of the Hippies inherited all the sex, drugs and rock and roll, with Big Hair but without the politics. The “me generation” followed the self-glorification ritual of Pluto-Leo in marketing but not in their purpose. The Virgos played out all the fantasies of the Leo, and were the raw meat for their parent's hyperbole, but in the end Virgos turned against idealism, bravado and hypocrisy, cursing the Baby Boomers and their wretched fallacies.
The Black Panthers of the sixties may have used guns to make their point, but Pluto in Libra had to use the mike to spread their message and establish their power-base. Public Enemy's "Fight the Power" was an intellectual message, not a cry for what would be revolutionary suicide. Instead of the blog and hashtag, used today as unexpurgated expression, the truth in the 90s could only be found on the cassette tape, enabling everyone to become artists in their own right. Pluto-Libras didn't just listen to the top ten, they created their own. This was the beginning of democratization of culture, the influence of a younger consumer and the notion that each generation should create its own architecture and social norms.
Much like the Pluto in Leo generation rebelling against their more reserved Pluto in Cancer parents, the Pluto in Scorpio generation is making some pretty loud statements.  That generation is coming of age right now and seem to be on the news everyday with some new way to blow themselves or others up.  Scorpio is the most Sexual and explosive sign.  It rules hidden secrets, that which is taboo, great mysteries and real power.  As a generation their challenge is to find a positive way to channel all that Scorpionic energy. 
Those born with Pluto in Sagittarius have a need for exploration. They feel that by gaining as many different experiences as possible, they have the power to recognize and use any opportunities that arise to their benefit. They have the self-confidence to challenge existing moral codes. They use their beliefs as an extension of themselves. Sagittarius Pluto is friendly as long as their freedom is not hampered. They are enthusiastic about reaching their goals in life. They may have difficulty with people who have different beliefs than their own.
Pluto in Capricorn exercises caution in all things. They know they can succeed through disciplined action. They are ambitious, but are patient enough to go step by step. They may feel impatient to reach their goal, but they realize that won’t help them gain what they desire. Gradual change is their motto. Capricorn Pluto is a born organizer. They create structure where there was once chaos. Their power lies in prudence and reserved action. They may resist the existing authority and go on to establish their own.
Persons born with Pluto in Aquarius may be erratic. They have original ideas, though they are biased by their unique experiences while growing up. They are usually nonconformist, so some may perceive them as strange or compulsive. They, however, know exactly what they are doing and why. They will use their unique angle on the world to gain more control for themselves. They feel their beliefs supersede everything else. They need to learn that their beliefs do not give them the right to steamroll over the rights of others. Aquarius Pluto is fascinated by the ideas of equality and liberty. They may be part of a movement that will result in drastic social change.
Persons born with Pluto in Pisces try to take into account how their actions will affect others emotionally. Because they spend so much time fantasizing about how they may affect others, they have a difficult time acting directly as they wish. They will attempt to understand human emotion so they can strive for their goals despite their feelings about others coming first. They may become secretive and manipulative as they learn how to tap into the feelings of others at a subconscious level. They may live too much in fantasy or get involved with drugs or other addictive substances.