In nature, the Piranha is a small but powerful with razor sharp teeth and a hunger to consume whatever is foolish enough to get in its way. In human society, members of the Piranha Primal Zodiac sign aren't all that different. They are fearless, aggressive, and get what they want every time. They are highly career-oriented and use their charm and high energy levels to push forward consistently. Piranhas have an over-sized appetite for success that is never satisfied. They have the smarts and the will to do whatever it takes to get ahead, and they often do.
It’s somewhat ironic to call this sign “Hippopotamus”, since a person’s initial reaction to finding out that this is their sign will be outrage. “I am not a hippopotamus! They are fat and lazy and way too passive! That’s not like me at all!” This just defines how misunderstood both the person and the animal really are. The hippopotamus (the animal) is often portrayed as passive and sweet and fat and lazy, but in reality, they can be highly dangerous if you step into their territory uninvited. Grown hippos have canine teeth up to 20 inches long and can snap them down on opponents with the force of a sledgehammer. They are generally passive among their own, but can explode in an aggressive rage if pushed.
How do you stop a charging Rhinoceros? You don’t. You run like heck and don’t look back. People born under the sign of Rhinoceros are strong, determined, aggressive, and never back down from a challenge. Though this impetuousness occasionally gets them into trouble, members of this sign usually come out of battle victorious. They are both brave and lucky, as if blessed somehow by fate to constantly fight and constantly win.
Despite appearing quiet and easy-going, those born under the sign of the Llama are actually powerful, capable, and determined individuals. Llamas have no problem going with the flow as long as it works for them, but don’t even think about getting in their way if they want to make a change. These are the people that slowly and steadily move toward their goals, as if oblivious to the obstacles in the way. Of course, they see every obstacle, and may even suffer through anxiety and uncertainty along the way, but from the outside you would never know it. Inside there may be a whirlwind of thoughts and feelings, but nothing defines a Llama better than having a cool and calm exterior.
Tyrannosaurus Rex needs no introduction. Not the dinosaur nor the person. Members of the T-Rex sign are impossible not to notice. Their very presence dominates every situation they are a part of, from social gatherings to a day at the office. Not surprisingly, Tyrannosaurus Rex are very polarizing. People either absolutely worship them or hate their guts. Not that a T-Rex would care, let alone notice. They tend to be very self-involved, yet carry a sureness and a charm that others admire. They are natural leaders, and they know it. Both the dinosaur and the person are on the top of their respective food chains and have no intention of giving up that power.
The Praying Mantis is the master manipulator of the Primal Zodiac. Those born under this sign have a gift for convincing others to do whatever they want them to. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign prefer to blend into the background and wait for their prey to come to them. That’s not to say that Praying Mantises are evil or even ill-intentioned. They simply have the power to get others to do things that benefit them. Used for good, this is a rare and powerful skill set that can accomplish much more when shared with others than it could when Praying Mantises go it alone.
It is said that if a shark stops moving they will drown. This is brilliant metaphor for the Hammerhead Shark Primal Zodiac sign. Hammerheads are headstrong, independent, and adventurous. They have seemingly endless amounts of energy and when they see something they want, they go after it full-force. Members of this sign can’t stand restrictions. Their independence is the most important thing. They have a hard time settling down in careers and relationships unless they have the freedom to do what they want when they want to do it.
Catfish are complex and somewhat mysterious creatures. Far more than most people, those born under the sign of Catfish will experience strong inner conflict during their lifetimes. That’s because Catfish have two very different sides of their personality that are difficult to get in sync with each other. They are simultaneously strongly masculine and feminine, aggressive yet sweet, and active yet lazy.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Gorilla are defined by their big energy. They are show-stealers by design: outgoing, energetic, and clever. They are usually cheerful, and enjoy being the “life of the party.” That said, Gorillas are also egotistical, and their aggressive desire for attention can become overwhelming to others. Bars and pubs are places that Gorillas like to frequent. Members of this sign tend to enjoy consuming alcohol in social situations, but aren’t always the nicest drunks. They are happy when all eyes and ears are on them, but if ignored, they can be pouty and mean.
One thing that will never be said about an Goldfinch is that they lack self-confidence. Members of this Primal Zodiac sign are overflowing with confidence, a trait that helps them succeed far beyond anyone else’s expectations. There is a mysterious power in these people that stems from their firm self-belief. It’s even said in ancient mythology that the evil and powerful half-bird/half-women creatures, the Harpies, feared the Goldfinch for what they might be able to do.
Much like their animal namesake, members of the Doberman Pinscher sign are something of a contradiction. They can be dominant and aggressive one minute, then insecure and anxious the next. Dobermans are very focused individuals. Once they decide what they want, there is no stopping them. The only downside is that they don’t plan very well, and their impulsive actions can get them in trouble. They rarely worry about this, though, as they have a way of bouncing back from most bad situations.
Despite the name, people born under the sign of the Dodo are actually quite intelligent and have a thirst for learning new things. They have a childlike energy and though well-mannered can be a bit hyperactive at times. Like a child, they are infinitely curious and want to know everything about everything. Like the now-extinct bird, members of the Dodo sign tend to be very naive, believing just about anything they are told. This comes from their trusting nature and assumption that people are always going to be nice and do the right thing. Luckily, they are also fairly resilient, and have a naturally positive outlook that helps them bounce back from disappointments.
Combining the ambition and cunning of the Rat with the stubborn persistence of the Bull, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Squirrel are capable of creating great success in their lifetimes. Both highly capable and strong-willed, members of this sign are willing to take the risks necessary to lead them to their goals. These traits represent both the best and worst sides of the Squirrel. Their strong work ethic and enthusiasm for achievement help them immensely when it comes to getting what they want out of life. At the same time Squirrels are often too willing to sacrifice anything and everything in order to accomplish what they have their minds set on. Some may even reach the very edge of ethical and moral boundaries if need be, though luckily they are usually smart enough to know not to cross the legal ones.
Stubborn determination is the hallmark of the Yak. Those born under this sign simply do not accept “no” for an answer. Hard work and dedication to a cause will earn you the highest respect in a Yak’s eyes. Members of this sign tend to see things as “black or white”, meaning that there is rarely a middle ground to any situation. People’s actions are either right or wrong, things are either good or bad, people are either hard workers or lazy slobs. The word “compromise” does not exist in the vocabulary of a Yak. They know how they feel and have no reason to question it.
Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Wolf are passionate, determined, and never back down from a fight. Though generally mild mannered and even easy-going (when things are going their way), members of this sign are very protective of themselves and the ones they love, and will not let anyone intimidate or coerce them. They are generous, warm-hearted, and perhaps a bit stubborn. Though they hold their friends and family very dear, Wolves also have an independent nature that compels them to seek their own path in life.
Those born under the sign of the Hedgehog are friendly, reserved, stylish, and sensitive. Like their animal namesake they can be shy and defensive, especially in unfamiliar situations, but once they open up to you they are great friends to have around. It usually takes a while to get to know a Hedgehog. It’s not because they are unfriendly or impolite - in fact they value manners and politeness very highly - it’s just that they don’t talk about themselves very much and tend to be very uncomfortable in unfamiliar places or with unfamiliar people. Those with the patience to get to know them on their terms will find them to be very warm, friendly, and well-mannered. They don’t like to say bad things about anyone, and equally don’t like bad things said about them. If you become very close friends with a Hedgehog you will find that they are welcoming hosts, engaging conversationalists, and imaginative thinkers with a lot more to say than one would expect.
Strong, focused, and proud, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Rattlesnake have an insatiable drive and tireless work ethic. Few people can keep up with their energy, and even less can match their persistence. They know it, too, and most Rattlesnakes expect to be respected due to their inherent power and their earned success.
In the animal kingdom, jackals are often mistakenly thought of as lazy scavengers who don’t like to take risks or venture outside of their own territory. In the Primal Zodiac, those born under the sign of the Jackal are often misrepresented in the same way. To be fair, members of this sign don’t like to take risks, feel most comfortable on their own turf, and favor long-term survival over momentary satisfaction. But to consider these traits as negatives is to misunderstand the Jackal completely.
Those born under the sign of the Kangaroo can be difficult to figure out. On one hand they appear to be relatively friendly, hard-working individuals who work too much and are always focused on something else. Get in the way of their goals, though, and watch out. Few signs have the explosive temper of the Kangaroo. They don’t mean to offend, but the hot-headed and heavy-hearted Kangaroo lives in an inner world of extremes and has a hard time realizing that others don’t see everything that is going on behind their focused exterior. To this sign, life is a battle that must be won at all costs, and anyone not with them must be against them.
Hard working, patient, and intelligent, those born under the sign of the Buffalo have no problem taking a backseat to more dominant personalities. Dependable, trustworthy, and kind, this is a sign of quiet, well-mannered individuals whose reputation is as important to them as their appearance. Buffalo have their own standards to live up to and can be nearly impossible to convince to stray from their moral and ethical beliefs. They are mostly calm and peaceful, but can become extremely aggressive if pushed too far.
A mix of headstrong self-assurance and passionate determination, those born under the sign of the Ostrich have the ability to influence the society and culture around them just by doing what they do best. Ostriches are smart, confident, and driven. They have huge imaginations and love to learn new things. They are puzzle-solvers by nature, and though they are not typically all that focused in their everyday lives, members of this sign can become fixated on getting the results that they want.
Persistent, eccentric, and romantic, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Beaver are hard workers who prefer to create their own universe rather than wait for life to happen to them. Beavers usually maintain a cool exterior, and can be straightforward to the point of being blunt. They don’t sugarcoat what they want to say; they consider that a waste of everyone's time. At the same time, Beavers don’t like to hear the hard truth about themselves. They want so badly to succeed and to avoid making mistakes that they often get TOO focused on the details and miss the big picture. Beavers HATE to look foolish or incompetent, so they must always be one step ahead of everyone else, which can be exhausting and is often unnecessary.
Funny, loyal, and magnetic, those born under the sign of the Seagull like to keep things light and easy. They are idealists who also want the world to be more idealistic with them. They like discussing their philosophies about life with anyone who shares their opinions, though they are not confrontational enough to want to argue with someone about whose opinion is right or wrong.
Those born under the sign of the Wombat are strong, determined, sensitive, and stubborn. While they may not show their sensitive side to others, it is there - hidden beneath a layer of friendly manners they always keep on the surface. Wombats tend to be rather quiet and unsociable until you get to know them, or rather, until they get to know you. Members of this sign prefer to quietly observe until they feel comfortable with the group. Once you get them going, though, this is actually quite a social sign that gets along well with many different types of people.
Those born under the sign of the Chipmunk are restless, self-reliant, and expressive. They value honesty and integrity in others and are quick to judge those who don’t live up to their expectations. Members of this sign require social interaction with others who can keep up with their active minds, which can be challenging to find. They tend to be opinionated and like to gossip about others, but simultaneously have a deep fear of being judged by others.
Those born under the sign of the Coyote are innovative thinkers, brilliant strategists, and are stubbornly dogmatic in their beliefs. Members of this sign like to quietly observe new people and surroundings but are surprisingly opinionated and outspoken once they are comfortable. This is a highly capable sign that has the ability to accomplish just about anything. Their only real obstacle in life is themselves. The Coyote is an inherently contradictory sign. Members of this sign often feel an inner conflict throughout their lives that they have difficulty putting into words. They require a very delicate balance of stability and freedom, new experiences and familiar situations, adventure and structure. Finding this balance, or at least working toward it, is the life purpose of most Coyotes.
Social, courageous, and unpredictable, those born under the sign of Chimpanzee are always looking for new experiences. This is a passionate but restless sign that relies on their own community or network of acquaintances to help them through life. In return, members of this sign provide charm, wit, passion, and communication to those around them. Their contributions may not be as obvious or straightforward as those of their peers, but when they are gone the community can easily notice the difference.
Those born under the sign of Toucan are friendly and energetic. They love being around people and live for social gatherings. This is a very creative sign that loves to experience art as much as they like creating it. Members of this sign are somewhat contradictory, however. For one thing, they open themselves to their friends as good listeners, yet they are troubled by the problems of others. A Toucan will absorb the difficulties around them and internalize them. They also like to get involved in other people’s business yet they shy away from confrontations and conflicts that arise from this activity. Also contradictory, they prefer being in familiar places yet they long to explore the world.
In nature, hummingbirds move so fast that they seem to defy the laws of physics. This is an apt metaphor for the Primal Zodiac sign of Hummingbird - a sign whose members are constantly moving and darting from place to place. Those born under this sign are full of energy. They want to do everything and do it on a grand scale. When they come up with a goal, they immediately follow it, unconcerned with whether or not it is reasonable or even possible. To a Hummingbird, anything is possible, at least as long as they are the ones doing it.
Lemurs know how to express themselves. Their grasp of language is second to none and they can use this to get what they want in life. They aren’t particularly boisterous or loud (unless they’ve had a few drinks, then look out), but they know what to say and when to say it. Lemurs are also excellent writers. No matter what form or language they choose, this sign can always argue their point with grace and poise. Perhaps because of this natural talent they can also be a bit manipulative. Lemurs are naturally deep thinkers, but they can be moody, and this combination can lead to imaginative fantasies about how others are doing them wrong or how they are not getting what they deserve in life.
In the animal kingdom, great white sharks must keep moving constantly or they will suffocate and die. This is an apt metaphor for people born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the same name. Members of this sign are the most restless of the Primal Zodiac and need a constant stream of new experiences to keep them mentally healthy. This is a very outgoing sign that never tires of new people, places, and adventures. Great White Sharks are extremely social and love to talk almost as much as they love to be talked about. In truth, Great Whites are a bit self-centered and have little interest in subjects that don’t at least indirectly affect them. They don’t intend to be rude, it’s just that they have so many interests and such a lust for life that they don’t want to feel bogged down by anything outside of their immediate scope of thought.
Centipedes are sweet, caring, and always know the right thing to say. They are always pointing others toward the positives in life, though they themselves are prone to anxiety and depression. While they don’t care if they look tough or not, Centipedes hate to look weak, afflicted, or in any other way not living the perfect life. They try very hard to be there for others, but hate to ask for help when they need it. Members of this sign are not great with money, though they always seem to acquire it when they really need it. Centipedes like to own nice clothes, cars, and homes and don’t mind spending the money to do so.
If there is one word that defines people born under the sign of the Seal it is “excitement”. This is a sign that needs to be mentally challenged on a regular basis. Whether that challenge comes from studying their latest favorite subject or simply trying to outwit others, these are highly social individuals that always have a lot going on. Seals are know-it-alls, but not because they care to impress others, they simply love facts and love to talk, so naturally they often have a lot to share. If you have a friends that loves to gossip, loves to talk about the latest news story, or even sends you the newest, coolest YouTube videos over Instant Messenger (which they are always on), there’s a good chance that person is a Seal.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Parrot like to be straight to the point. Some may say they are blunt to a fault. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign often speak without realizing what they are saying. This can lead to some funny moments as well as some offensive ones. Parrots don’t intend to be rude, they are just very observant, honest, and straightforward, so they end up saying whatever is on their mind without considering the repercussions. Some learn to embrace this nature and incorporate their cutting observances into their sense of humor (such as famous Parrot and comedian Joan Rivers), while others eventually learn to keep their strong opinions to themselves (as best they can).
Those born under the sign of the Deer are kind, loyal, and intensely curious. The Deer is the biggest gossip of the Primal Zodiac - they love to talk about everyone and everything that is going on around them. They have no ill will in spreading rumors, they simply love to share the latest news with everyone possible. This sometimes gets them into trouble with more private types, but if this happens Deers will stop at nothing to make things right. They highly value friendship and loyalty and will do what it takes to right any wrongs that they can. Deers are very intelligent and quick witted. They are extremely curious and love to know how things work. They have the ability to master new skills quickly, but they also tend to move on to new projects once they have tired of a previous one.
Like their animal namesake, people born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Cricket seem like they never sleep. Though this is obviously not true, this sign has a mind that doesn’t shut off easily. Any Cricket will tell you that most of their best ideas come to them right before they drift off to sleep. These ideas are often so exciting that the Cricket has to get up and write it down or work on a solution immediately. They are prone to staying up late, though they are often working on a project rather than simply goofing around. Crickets are intellectuals who like to explore and experiment with new ideas and theories. Unlike similarly intellectual signs, like the Seal, members of this sign are very polite in social situations and like nothing more than getting into a theoretical discussion about something scientific or otherwise cerebral.
In the animal kingdom, seahorses have a surprisingly hard exterior. This heavy armor both protects them from danger and weighs them down. These sea creatures end up spending a great deal of time and energy anchoring themselves to the sea floor to avoid being swept away by passing tides and currents. Similarly, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Seahorse will always choose survival first, even if it slows them down from getting where they want to go. Seahorses are unique individuals. From the outside they can be a bit hard to understand. Often the exterior you see will not match the person inside. Usually portraying a tough but charming persona, Seahorses are often internally insecure.
Though primarily solitary and even-keeled, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Black Bear can be seriously dangerous if crossed. Like their animal namesake they are powerful and territorial creatures, though they have little desire to be part of any confrontation. They will, however, defend their territory fearlessly and relentlessly if provoked. Despite this, Black Bears are actually quite well natured most of the time, and are willing to work hard to finish whatever job needs done. They are also giving by nature, except when they feel that they may be in danger of losing stability in their own lives. Black Bears know that they can’t possibly help others if their own lives are unstable.
The name sounds scary, but like their animal namesake, people born under the sign of Vampire Bat are mostly harmless. I said mostly. They will tirelessly fight on behalf of their friends and family, and if you are considered an enemy, expect a Vampire Bat to keep attacking until one of you is finished. Members of this sign are highly emotional and take any perceived slight very personally. They are extraordinarily intense and very confident. They consider themselves the protectors of those close to them, which makes it much better to either be as close or as far away as possible from a Vampire Bat.
Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Turtle often hide within their own shell, coming out only when they feel safe. This is a quiet, reserved sign, at least on the outside. Turtles care for their friends and family with great intensity. They are usually well put-together and organized and are far more capable than most people give them credit for. Members of this sign desire to live a simple and happy life. They don’t need fame and fortune to be happy, they just need to be close to friends and family and maybe have some nice things as well. Turtles like to dress well and keep their homes nice and neat.
Driven, persevering, and self-sufficient, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Hornet are powerful creators of their own destiny. Not lacking in self-assurance, this is a sign that gets what it wants regardless of the obstacles in its way. This is a sign of curious extremes, yet those extremes are often balanced out between the two signs (Cancer and Dragon) that make up the Hornet. They are powerful on the outside, but fragile on the inside, self-assured yet full of doubt, highly independent yet driven by a need to be loved and respected.
Usually being called a Snail means that you are slow moving, but if your Primal Zodiac sign happens to be the Snail it means much more than that. Members of this sign are deep thinkers and are extremely devoted to those they love. They are very difficult people to predict. They tend to be moody and spend a lot of time alone pondering the mysteries of life. The intuitive senses of this sign are strong, and some Snails may find they even have a sixth sense or psychic ability. While they may ask you many questions about your life, Snails don’t like to reveal a lot about themselves. Ironically they can see through the facades of others yet they still put up a facade of their own.
In the animal kingdom, a hermit crab constantly moves from shell to shell as it grows larger. Similarly, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Hermit Crab regularly move between homes, jobs, and relationships. In their minds, Hermit Crabs believe they will finally settle down and feel comfortable once they find the perfect fit, yet the more they search the more unsettled they feel. Hermit Crabs don’t desire to become rich and famous, instead they desire true love and adventure. This is a highly contradictory sign whose thoughts often don’t even make sense to themselves. Members of this sign have a hard time accepting things as they are, and though they talk a lot about how they are going to make things better, they often just move on instead.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Duck are kind, caring, and generous, but also hide a deeper emotional side that they don’t bring out often. Members of this sign are more concerned with making others feel comfortable than being comfortable themselves. They are concerned about their appearance and how others view them, but they try not to show it. Ducks are great with children and animals and tend to believe that whatever they give to the world they will get back. There is a darker side to the Duck, though. If you were able to look deep inside them (which they would never let you do) you would find that beneath their kind and tempered exterior is a fragile, emotional artist.
This is one of the most contradictory signs in the Primal Zodiac. Those born under the sign of Emperor Tamarin represent themselves as fun, carefree, smart, and caring, and while they do indeed share these traits they also mask a dark side full of arrogance, self-doubt, and judgment for others. They truly do not have bad intentions, but members of this sign tend to be emotionally immature, and prefer to live in a fantasy world rather than share their true thoughts and feelings. Emperor Tamarins are very smart and intuitive. They are truly capable of doing anything, and each one has its own unique set of skills that, when focused, can take them far. Too often though this sign has a tendency toward depression and negative thinking and entertains himself or herself by ridiculing the stupidity of the general population.
I have heard that it’s not uncommon among pet owners to think that their pet iguana hates them. Like their animal namesake, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Iguana are equally hard to read. Chances are they don’t hate you at all; they are simply expressing their feelings without concern for the effect it has on others. That’s actually the easy thing about Iguanas - they will let you know exactly what’s on their mind at any given moment. This trait also causes the most problems for them, as they can easily offend others without trying and may not even realize the negative effect they can have on those around them if they don’t learn to keep themselves in check.
In the animal kingdom, the pit bull is often seen as a strong and potentially dangerous creature that can be very protective of those close to them. Why is it then, that so many people choose the pit bull as a pet? As it is with the animal, those born under the sign of the Pit Bull can be mercurial, defensive, and hard to read from a distance, but those close to them know that few people are as loyal, kind-hearted, and family-oriented as the Pit Bull. This can be a challenging sign to get to know well, as they rarely let those they don’t know well get too close. They aren’t outwardly aggressive, but more defensive by nature. A Pit Bull will fight to the death to defend its friends and family with relentless vigor.
The life of a person born under the sign of Lobster can be complex and emotional - but only on the inside. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign rarely show the chaos that goes on in their minds to anyone other than their closest, most trusted friends. That’s not to say that a Lobster’s life is chaotic. In fact, most people born under this sign are highly organized and are the first to volunteer their help for a friend or family member’s project. They want others to see them as bright and capable, which they in fact are, but they also have a great deal of self-doubt that shows up through a polite quietness.
Social, funny, and outgoing, those born under the sign of the Otter use their warmth and charm as their primary tool in navigating life. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are clever, feisty, and gregarious. They usually spend a lot of time grooming themselves for their looks are of great importance to them. They are not terribly territorial either, preferring to sleep where their adventure takes them for the night. A nice home will eventually be required, but a young Otter can travel the world for years without getting too homesick.
Those born under the sign of the Sun Bear are something of a contradiction. On one hand they are funny, outgoing, warm, and upbeat, but just as often are serious, overly hard-working, determined, and even stubborn. They are excellent in social situations, able to charm with ease and speak with great authority. Sun Bears are natural leaders who command the respect of even their most bitter of detractors. Members of this sign struggle to live a balance between these two very distinct sides of their personalities. It seems that only when they are working towards a goal do they feel balanced, so they tend to work long, hard hours in order to try to make things right.
Strong, proud, and emotional, those born under the sign of the Wolverine are born leaders who can rise to a challenge with the best of them. Like their animal namesake, Wolverines never back down, even to much bigger opponents. Their powerful presence and confidence in battle intimidate even the most resolved competitors, allowing them to achieve unlikely victories in territories that most others would fear to tread. With such a strong personality, one might expect members of this sign to be serious all of the time, but in reality nothing could be further from the truth. Though less pronounced, Wolverines show their playful side often.
Charming, friendly, and somewhat mysterious, this is a sign that others are intrigued by. Maybe it’s because members of this sign can be hard to figure out. In truth, Angora Rabbits are a bit of a contradiction. They have big personalities, strong leadership qualities, and an undying drive for success, but at the same time they tend to come across as reserved, delicate, and sensitive. They hate conflict but they won’t back down if they believe in something. They are most powerful when balanced but often put themselves through long stretches of unbalanced behavior.
As it is with their animal namesake, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Orca have no natural predators. Astrologically speaking, they represent the very top of the food chain in terms of leadership, respect, and pride. While they are truly warm-hearted, energetic, and capable of all kinds of success, they also tend to have highly inflated egos. Orcas know they they were born under a fortunate sign, and fully expect a life full of adventure, mystery, drama, and excitement. They also expect to be highly respected, to the point of being worshipped.
Those born under the sign of the Fox are elegant, charming, and impossible to ignore. Whether you love them or hate them, Foxes have a naturally ability to influence others without trying. Members of this sign are born leaders but are also extremely independent. They are wise and cunning, and don’t take risks until they have thoroughly evaluated the situation. Others know to follow a Fox’s lead even though Foxes rarely try to recruit followers. Members of this sign have amazing intuition. Not only can they read social situations well, they also know exactly what other people want to hear.
The Hyena is one of the most social signs of the Primal Zodiac. Like their animal namesake (particularly the spotted hyena or laughing hyena), members of this sign strongly prefer to spend time in large groups of friends and families. This is a very strong-willed sign with the ability to follow through on their promises and take what is theirs when necessary. Those born under this sign are highly energetic and outgoing. They have an easy charm about them that draws other people in. Hyenas are great at taking charge of situations, and are by far most comfortable when they are in charge.
Talk about a contradiction in terms, those born under the sign of the Swan are confident, beautiful, and elegant from a distance, but hiding inside is anxiety, uncertainty, and a mind that constantly wanders. It is this very inner-drama, though, that makes the life of a Swan interesting and compelling. A creative, multi-talented group of people, members of this sign are perhaps destined for stardom more than others, but it’s their inner imbalance that keeps them constantly checking themselves. Even those who become legitimate celebrities are more concerned with the quality of their work over fame and fortune.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Ferret are playful, fun-loving, and rambunctious. Members of this sign wear their hearts on their sleeves. You will always know what a Ferret is thinking or feeling. Thankfully they are usually in a good mood and tend to perceive life as a challenging game that they are eager to win. As natural leaders with a creative intelligence to match their curiosity, they perform surprisingly well in the business world. Of course, they have to be interested in what they are doing for this to be true.
Those born under the sign of the Peacock have, more often than not, larger-than-life personalities. They are witty, confident, and have a flair for the dramatic. Peacocks love attention, and for this reason they often like to start drama or controversy. They are highly social and have little desire to spend time alone. Being out and about is where they shine, as is performing whatever task it is that they excel at. Success is important to this sign, and Peacocks love to share (and show-off) their success by treating friends to take part in the spoils of their life victories.
The name “shih tzu” literally means “Lion Dog” in Chinese, so it’s only natural that those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Shih Tzu share the Tropical Sun sign of Leo, and are born during the Chinese Zodiac’s Year of the Dog. Members of this sign are kind, loving, and generous. Their deepest hope is to play an integral role in making their surroundings better. This is almost always appreciated by others, but Shih Tzus also have a tendency to become bossy and can become moody to the point of acting childish if they don’t get to be in charge (though minor signs in the birth chart may affect this differently).
Warm, colorful, and gregarious, those born under the sign of the Quetzal have personalities that are hard to ignore. Interestingly, they are not the loudest or most outspoken members of a given group, yet they are often the most popular. Quetzals seem to have some kind of magical “x-factor” - an indescribable trait about themselves that draws others to them, and draws success to their lives. It is not unusual for well-known Quetzals to have a different public or occupational persona than they do in private.
Perceptive, deep, and independent, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Mouse are sensitive individuals who see life as a complex drama. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are survivalists who are good at finding creative but intellectual solutions to life’s challenges. Like a mouse in a maze, they use both instinct and logical analysis to move ahead despite the obstacles in their path. Above all things, Mice are extremely observant. Though they are charming and social, they also take time in social situations to sit back and watch.
Proud, sensitive, and hard working, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Sea Star are at the same time both very reflective of the past and focused on the future. They are strong willed, perceptive, and extremely intelligent individuals who often spend a lot of time alone with their thoughts. Sea Stars expect more out of themselves than most signs, perhaps even too much. Nobody likes to make mistakes, but Sea Stars are particularly sensitive to feeling or looking foolish. Since they are very highly analytical they always try to have a logical solution to every situation, but human nature rarely conforms to logic and reason.
Unique, romantic, and resilient, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Narwhal are capable of achieving great things. Narwhals typically have a calm and care-free exterior, but inside they are bursting with ideas, passion, and a drive for success. What should be a combination of two contradictory signs is instead a marriage of personality traits that help balance each other out. The warm and immediate nature of the Tiger warms up Virgo’s tendency to close themselves off to others, and Virgo’s observant and analytical nature help keep the Tiger’s unpredictable and impulsive nature in check. Like their animal namesake, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Narwhal prefer for life to move slowly, though they can be surprisingly quick and dangerous when challenged.
There are few signs kinder than the Earthworm. Members of this sign are known for their compassion and sincerity. Despite their kind nature, Earthworms won’t let just anyone into their world. They are deep thinkers who can be extremely hard to get to know. They can often be found lost in thought, if they can be found at all. Earthworms feel most comfortable at home, and are often just fine daydreaming in silence by themselves, pondering the mysteries of life. They have a delicate nature that to many makes them seem fragile, but this is not the case. Earthworms are, in fact, quite resilient. They may bruise easily, but they rarely break. Earthworms should be careful not to get taken advantage of. Some people see their generosity as a weakness and this often leads to hurt feelings or heartbreak.
Individual, sensitive, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Polar Bear long to get the most out of life. They are very observant and may learn how to manipulate people and situations at an early age. Polar Bears instinctively know what role to play in various situations and have both the intellect and courage to improvise their way into getting what they want. Though intellectuals in many respects, Polar Bears are primarily guided by their emotions. This is neither positive nor negative, it is simply the way their minds function.
In the animal kingdom, there are different kinds of jellyfish. Some live near the surface, having only rare interaction with the limited world within their reach. Some live in the deep sea, and these jellyfish are more quiet and submissive, but in the darkness that surrounds them they glow bright with radiant colors in a spectacular show that is unmatched in the animal kingdom. Some are even giants, slowly flowing through life on their own journey in their own time. All are so brilliantly mysterious that even defining them seems like a challenge.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Giraffe are unique, vibrant, and surprisingly delicate inside. A combination of the Tropical Sun sign of Virgo and the Chinese Zodiac’s sign of the Horse, members of this sign present two sets of personality traits that can be either complementary or contradictory. Virgo keeps the impatient Horse focused while the Horse brings out Virgo’s deep-seeded passion. When balanced correctly, these two very different personalities merge into an unstoppable powerhouse, capable of dreaming up and accomplishing the most amazing things. When unbalanced, though, they can easily spiral out of control. At their worst they can be bossy, hyper-critical, and inflexible. Deep down, many Giraffes lack true confidence in themselves and their quest to achieve great things can make them appear to others as self-involved and egotistical.
Intelligent, delicate, and well-mannered, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Flamingo are also some of the biggest dreamers in the world. This is one of the most creative signs there is, though even those closest to them may not know it. Flamingos tend to hide the majority of the truly fantastic ideas that exist in their minds, only sharing them when, and if, they finally feel confident enough to do so. In fact, Flamingos keep a great deal of their thoughts inside. Perhaps this is because they live most of their lives inside their own minds.
Intelligent, curious, and social, those born under the sign of the Penguin love nothing more than coming up with creative solutions to any kind of problem. This is the sign of thinkers and analysts, those inquisitive about how everything works. Members of this sign are often very intellectually advanced at an early age, and this strong desire to learn drives the majority of their life decisions as they grow up. Many intellectual signs tend to be solitary, but Penguins are the rare breed that require a good amount of socialization.
Loyal, observant, and analytical, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Corgi are devoted friends and family members who take on the role of caretaker with great passion. Few others are as eager to jump in and help a friend in need, and Corgis take great pride in this. More so than other signs, members of this sign like to fill a very specific role in the lives of other people, thus getting the majority of their own personal fulfillment through their service to others. While this appears to be self-sacrificing behavior on the outside, Corgis are very specific about the nature in which they help.
Sensitive, caring, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Salamander are intelligent but fragile individuals who have a unique set of challenges set up for them. Humanitarian and idealistic, members of this sign will face many arduous emotional events, many of which may end in disappointment. Yet, there is a very intentional reason for these lessons. Many individuals choose to become Salamanders during a lifetime in order to learn to control emotions. Limitations on the ability to express one’s self (which can be offset by other positions in the birth chart) can cause much frustration for this well-intentioned sign.
If there could only be one word to describe those born under this sign it would be optimistic. In fact, if anything Gazelles are the anti-cynics of the world. They are always trying to look on the bright side. Even if they are seen as prey by the predators of the world, Gazelles keep moving forward, keep living their lives. Despite disappointments they maintain faith in their fellow man. They have a hard time saying “no”, especially when they know deep down that they should. That’s because members of this sign don’t like conflict of any kind. Gazelles always want to do the right thing, even if it requires sacrifice on their parts.
Charming, friendly, and intelligent, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Vulture are idealists at their core. They have read all of the most romantic books and seen all of the most adventurous movies and want nothing more than for life to be as exciting and wonderful as it can possibly be. They appreciate luxury and elegance and are among the top tastemakers you can find. For Vultures, life is always about the big picture and the big dream. They don’t necessarily enjoy scraping by, but they will do it if it leads to the potential for big opportunities.
Determined, romantic, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Elephant are concerned with hard work, fairness, and intellectual pursuits. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign have strong bonds with family and close friends that overrides nearly every other concern. Generous, diplomatic, and (mostly) peaceful, Elephants guide their daily activities with a focus on the future as well as a work-hard / play-hard attitude. Within each Elephant there are two instinctive states regularly in conflict with one another. While the Ox (Chinese Zodiac) works tirelessly to earn the financial security required to feel stable, Libra (Tropical Zodiac) longs to be free from the daily grind and wants to enjoy the pleasures and adventures available in life.
Emotional, intense, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Tasmanian Devil are anything but predictable. Initially coming across as mild-mannered, most people will quickly notice that there is more to this sign than meets the eye. Though they romanticize about being seen as the strong, stoic friend to others, in real life they are much more transparent than they think. Tasmanian Devils wear their emotions on their sleeves. They hold strongly romantic ideas about life and the people in it. They fantasize about a future in which every day is like a wonderful dream that you never wake up from. When they open their eyes and see that the world isn’t perfect and they are not yet the hero, disappointment sets in.
Those born under the sign of the Butterfly are sweet, sensitive, caring, and generous. They have a deep affection for friends and family that almost matches their deep affection for nice things! Butterflies enjoy having nice homes, clothes, cars, and other luxuries. They have great taste in art and fashion and don’t like to leave home without looking good. This is an exceptionally easy-going sign whose struggles in life are almost entirely internal. Just as they care about their physical appearance, Butterflies are careful about what impression they give off socially.
Intuitive, creative, and charming, those born under the sign of the Porcupine have a sense of nobility to them that they carry wherever they go. Like their animal namesake, they are home bodies who don’t look for confrontation but are also quick to defend themselves. Likeable, graceful, and lucky, they value comfort to a high degree and will often put it above all else. Though they are often socially progressive, Porcupines can be very set in their ways. They usually are influenced by their parents and teachers at an early age and may stubbornly stick to ideas and philosophies that no longer serve them.
Elegant, easy-going, and well-mannered, those born under the sign of the Ladybug have excellent taste and a fondness for luxury. They aren’t generally big spenders, but are willing to spend what it takes to make their homes and surroundings stylish and comfortable. Members of this sign want things to be exactly the way they want them, and are very diplomatic about getting exactly that. Ladybugs achieve things because they are intelligent and capable, but in truth they are big dreamers and idealists who envision living the perfect storybook life someday.
In the animal kingdom, there are primarily two categories of geese: wild and domesticated. Wild geese go where they want when they want, while domesticated geese lay far more eggs and guard them more ferociously. In the Primal Zodiac, those born under the sign of the Goose have both sides blended into one. Members of this sign are diplomatic, multi-faceted, and strong willed. As they get older Geese are likely to be very family-oriented and domesticated, while younger Geese are likely to showcase a more wild side.
Peaceful, creative, and elegant, those born under the sign of the Clownfish are not clowns at all, but arbiters of good taste amongst their acquaintances. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign like to keep up a clean, sophisticated appearance. They are almost always well dressed and have nice homes and gardens with perfectly staged furniture and artwork. Even young Clownfish with little money like to save up to buy nice things. While members of this sign are always polite and well-mannered, they tend to have a good deal of social anxiety.
Clever, curious, and friendly, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Axolotl are constantly contending between two distinct sides of their personality. With the western sign of Libra, each individual gains diplomacy, idealism, and a desire to keep the peace. The eastern sign of Monkey adds curiosity, innovation, and humor. Both signs are socially adept, intellectual, and observant, giving this sign many of the tools one requires to achieve all kinds of different goals in life. These two signs don’t always fit perfectly together, though. In combination this sign can be extremely self centered, egotistical, and lazy.
Those born under the sign of the Pelican are diplomatic, but also direct. They are the mediators of friend and family conflicts and have a strong sense of justice and fairness, but are also willing to take advantage of whatever opportunities they are afforded. Proud and self assured, Pelicans work hard to keep up appearances. Though they like to come across as cool and collected they secretly have a passion for romance, conflict, and drama.
Graceful, generous, and friendly, those born under the sign of the Crane are romantic dreamers to whom reality seems a dull chore. Cranes have big hopes and dreams for the future and believe that love can indeed conquer all. Though others may see them as unrealistic, members of this sign believe that life can be whatever they choose. They are enchanted by love, adventure, and excitement, but are usually too scared to take any real risks in life. Typically Cranes prefer to become involved in the lives of others rather than strike out on their own.
Loyal, helpful, and sensitive, those born under the sign of the Marmot are polite and well-mannered individuals who value balance and happiness above all else. They are extremely interested in people, both in a social and anthropological way. They don’t have the greatest instincts and may be more than a bit naive, but they are always kind and hospitable above all else. Some individuals find them a bit boring. This is a sign that can follow the same routine day in and day out as long as it suits their needs.
In the animal kingdom, the anaconda is a solitary hunter who is incredibly stealthy for its size. They use their native wetlands as camouflage to sneak up on unsuspecting prey and in one quick stroke grab their victims and drown or suffocate them. Most large snakes use their strength to squeeze their prey to death, but anacondas know that they don’t have to put in as much effort to get the same effect. Even though they are bigger and stronger than the other snakes, they prefer to prove that they are smarter, too.
There is no question that the platypus is one of the most unique and difficult to comprehend animals in the world, so there should be little surprise that people born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Platypus find themselves in a similar situation. Shy, hard working, and sensitive, those born under this sign often feel that they don’t quite belong in whatever society they have been brought up in. Platypuses do best around intuitive individuals, who understand that which is not being said out loud - the reservations with others, the fear of betrayal and rejection, the need to plan things out before acting.
Powerful, passionate, and resilient, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Honey Badger are fierce competitors who are not afraid to go after what they want. This incredibly complex sign is extremely powerful and capable, but also highly emotional. When focused they can harness great power and wisdom to accomplish what few others are capable of. When out of balance they can become terrible tyrants, equally capable of using their power for destruction and manipulation if left unchecked. Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Honey Badger are fearless in their conquests and will not back down to anyone.
Emotional, powerful, and intense, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Koala are often not what you expect. It’s not that they are putting up a false front, it’s that they are trying to keep their tornado of emotions safely inside themselves. Koalas almost always approach life with good intentions, but with so much inner emotional turmoil, plans can miscarry and life can often seem frustrating. This is a sign that wants what they want when they want it, but they also try to refrain from using their power indiscriminately. Though they may seem cute and friendly, Koalas also have a dark side.
Powerful, regal, and solitary, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Jaguar have a powerful attractive quality that others can’t help but notice. Often eccentric and always proud, members of this sign are capable of great achievements as long as they can remain in control of themselves. Jaguars are their own best friend and worst enemy. They have the strength, influence, and vision to succeed beyond all reasonable expectations. Ancient South American tribes viewed the jaguar much like the Chinese viewed the dragon.
Powerful, clever, and determined, those born under the sign of the Anglerfish are mysterious individuals who use their immense intellect to outwit others in the game of life. And to them, life is a game; a challenge to be won. Just like a professional poker player, they keep a straight face and keep others guessing about their next move. It can be very hard to know what an Anglerfish is thinking or feeling since they rarely ever talk about their inner fears or hesitations. Like their animal namesake, Anglerfish harness much more power than meets the eye.
Independent, temperamental, and restless, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Dragonfly are powerful individuals who are determined to get what they want in life. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are fast, energetic hunters whose power greatly outmatches their size. Dragonflies are very passionate individuals. Their work ethic is second to none and combined with their forceful sense of determination, members of this sign are practically unstoppable.
In the animal kingdom, the famous giant panda is one of the most contradictory animals by nature. They are popular but loners, bears who don’t hibernate, carnivores that eat 99% bamboo, are territorial but don’t live in one place, are strong and potentially dangerous but shy away from confrontation. Humans born under the sign of the Panda share many similarities. Members of this sign tend to be popular but loners, want to go with flow but have to feel in charge of their own destiny, long to relax but are always working on projects, are ambitious yet uncertain, want to do things that help others yet are often self-focused, and have creative minds that are often focused on success and achievement.
Strong, curious, and energetic, those born under the sign of the Raven often succeed where others fail. Their deepest desire is to overcome the odds, to triumph, and to prove themselves to the world. They are willing to give up a considerable amount of personal needs, but in return they can use what others consider disadvantages to their advantage. That is their greatest power. A combination of the western sign of Scorpio and the eastern sign of the Monkey, this is a highly contradictory sign in terms of its dual nature (sun and moon).
Hard working, determined, and authoritative, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Owl desire nothing more than respect. Loyalty is very important to them and close friendships are valued accordingly. Owls have a reputation for being easily offended by those who disrespect them. Again, respect is of utmost importance, so much so that young Owls often sabotage themselves by demanding respect when they haven’t yet earned it. Most Owls learn in time that they will only get the reverence they desire by earning it.
Loyal, ambitious, and intense, those born under the sign of the Octopus prefer to deal in facts rather than emotions. Though not necessarily unfriendly, members of this sign can be fairly anti-social. To be more specific, they tend to be uncomfortable in most social situations. Octopuses often don’t feel like they fit in or know what to say in social situations. Instead, they prefer time alone or with a couple of their closest friends with whom they share a great deal of the same ideals. Octopuses are highly complex characters. Like their animal namesakes, members of this sign are highly intelligent and can solve problems and puzzles that would stump their peers.
Squids are powerful personalities that can only be ‘checked and balanced’ by themselves. They are highly capable, intelligent individuals who seem to know everything. Generally good natured, they also have a hidden inner dark side which resides deep within themselves. No one is allowed into this secret place, often not even themselves. Squids will even try to bury painful truths within themselves in order to avoid dealing with difficult emotions and situations. Squids are not confrontational. Like their animal namesake, they are mysterious, powerful, and intriguing individuals who, despite their strength and intimidating presence, are more likely to escape from a difficult or dangerous situation than stay and fight.
Members of this sign live by their own philosophy and prefer to follow their own path instead of taking the easy road. Confident, energetic, and independent, they seek new life experiences and rarely stay in one place for too long. Like their animal namesake, Skunks don’t care if you like them or not - they are going to do what they want and have no trouble leaving others behind. Most people know better than to cross them, as they are idealists who hold their ground when challenged.
Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Raccoon are smart, adventurous, and determined to get what they want. Bordering on stubborn, a Raccoon will not give up on what it has set its sights on, regardless of the challenge presented. This is a sign that combines natural luck, optimism, and hard work together to achieve great things in life. The irony is that they are also spiritually advanced enough to realize that true success in life means more than money and power. Many Raccoons may live relatively simple but happy lives. What they really want is to achieve the goals that matter to them, to live happily with friends and family, to have some adventure in their lives, and to hopefully make a positive difference in the world.
In the animal kingdom the mongoose is famous for taking on venomous snakes - a feat that few animals have the skills or bravery to do. This is an apt metaphor for those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Mongoose. Members of this sign are strong-willed, rebellious, and unafraid of standing up for themselves. It is, perhaps, with these traits that the Mongoose is most unique, though they also tend to have a mysterious quality that exceeds their reputation of leading with their heart before their head. Mongooses are impulsive and adventurous and believe in doing what is best for the world as they see it.
Gentle, philosophical, and adventurous, those born under the sign of the Sugar Glider are not interested in aggressive behavior or confrontation. Instead, they prefer to enjoy the world on their own terms. Sugar Gliders long for new experiences in life and get bored with routine fairly quickly. They don’t need the drama that some other signs crave, preferring to relax, explore, and wander at their leisure. This is a sign that is full of opposites, some contradictory and some complimentary. Despite their enjoyment of new experiences they also like spending a lot of time at home.
Optimistic, adventurous, and proud, it takes an incredible amount of effort to slow the momentum of those born under the sign of the Whale. Like their animal namesake, the free spirited Whale goes where it wants when it wants to. They are surprisingly quick, powerful, and even loud. The biggest ones have no natural predators, for no one can face the pure amount of size and force inherent in this sign. Luckily, Whales are not focused on using their power to take over the world. Those born under this powerful sign are more interested in making their own journey the best it can be rather than worrying about where everyone else is going.
When considering the animal kingdom, most people think of the tarantula as a big, hairy, venomous spider, but in truth these bold and unique creatures are mostly harmless to humans. At the same time, they are cunning and agile hunters who are always one step ahead of their prey. Ambush is their primary method of capture, opting for stealth over strength. Instead of sight or hearing, touch is the keenest sense, and in hunting it primarily depends on vibrations given off by the movements of its prey. In the Primal Zodiac, these same core traits are inherent in those who are born under the sign of the Tarantula. Combining the adventurousness of Sagittarius with the graceful instincts of the Snake, members of this sign are both strong and intelligent. They seem to have a sixth sense for knowing what others are thinking, but in reality they are simply highly observant and have an inherent knowledge of human behavior.
Independent, energetic, and adventurous, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Dove love life and long for new experiences. Members of this sign are always looking forward; they rarely dwell on the past. Doves are often restless, which can lead them to take risks in life. They are also lucky, though, so most of the time everything works out just fine. To be fair, Doves probably just seem lucky because they are so optimistic. Even when they are feeling down, those born under this sign always manage to get back on track.
Peaceful, reserved, and intelligent, those born under the sign of the Tortoise are eager for new experiences. Though they are highly amiable in most every situation, there is a hidden restlessness to them, like an underground volcano; eventually the tension requires a release. For those whose circumstances won’t let them simply roam the world as they please, small adventures will become more and more necessary. Tortoises enjoy nature and usually have a place they like to go and relax, whether it be the woods, coast, mountains, desert, river, or whatnot.
Curious, independent, and optimistic, those born under the sign of the Roadrunner are all about having the freedom to do what they want when they want to do it. They are always looking for a new adventure or challenge, and delight in their own ability to figure out new solutions to problems quickly and easily. To be fair, Roadrunners are selfish, but not in a malicious way. They just follow their interests (until they get bored) and don’t fully realize how their actions affect others. In fact they will follow their interests without much thought as to the consequences in general.
Proud, energetic and eccentric, those born under the sign of the Swordfish can’t help but walk their own path in life. Filled with big dreams and big ideas, members of this sign are as organized and precise as they are intelligent and adventurous. Swordfish live by their own philosophy in life, which includes a look-before-you-leap faith that everything will work out in their favor. Since Swordfish are continuously focused on themselves, many others find them to be arrogant or egotistical. That isn’t an unfair assumption, though like any sign, certain aspects in the birth chart will have a strong influence on how self-centered each individual is and if it does indeed end up overpowering their finer characteristics.
Loyal, kind, and optimistic, those born under the sign of the Golden Retriever are easy to like. Often traditional or religious, they believe that if they stick to their values, the universe will respond generously. The only problem is that they aren’t as perfect as they tend to think they are. Golden Retrievers have strong opinions as well as a sense of adventure. They imagine that in another life they would have been a knight in shining armor, ready to sacrifice it all to save the kingdom. Members of this sign genuinely have good intentions, but they are also a bit too judgmental and defensive, particularly when it comes to political or religious belief systems.
Those born under the sign of the Camel are friendly, amiable, and up for an adventure. Like their animal namesake, Camels will not only trek through harsh conditions for you, they will carry you on their back while they do it. Few signs are as determined as this one once they know what they want. The nice thing is that what they usually want most is to take things as they come and have a good time while they do it. Members of this sign never try to impress others, but they often do so anyway through their natural charisma and easy-going personality. They are highly self-reliant and very lucky, which is why they don’t always look before they leap.
Independent, ambitious, and always on the move, those born under the sign of the Aardvark believe that success comes before all other things. Though they are friendly and social, Aardvarks have a burning desire deep inside of themselves to survive and to conquer. Members of this sign are very independent. They usually learn from an early age that the best way to get what they want is to earn it. While other minor zodiac signs in the birth chart may dilute the strength of this work ethic, it is nonetheless inherent in the consciousness of every Aardvark.
Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Ant are tireless workers. They can handle the kind of workload that would crush other people, but this can take its toll on other areas of their lives. Ants don’t have a lot of hobbies. They prefer mastering one or two skills and stick to those unless they think they can get further ahead a different way. Ants are extremely ambitious and though they may seem almost boring on the outside they are internally driven toward greatness. One of the greatest life challenges for this sign is learning to balance their work with the rest of their lives. Far too often Ants push aside all personal joy in order to get as close to perfection as possible.
Hard working, passionate, and idealistic, those born under the sign of Komodo Dragon have much in common with their animal namesake. The proverbial “big fish in a small pond”, members of this sign have little true competition in life. They take what they want when they want it and practically dare anyone else to try to stop them. Strong, proud, and resourceful, Komodo Dragons are aware that playing to their strengths gets them ahead, but it can also have some less than ideal side effects.
Patient, resourceful, and sympathetic, those born under the sign of the Weaver Finch work hard to get ahead. Lucky in money, members of this sign often pride themselves on having nice homes, furniture, and accessories. Sensitive to their surroundings, they need more than just security - they need to express a style all their own. They know they have to earn what they get, and rarely (if ever) rely on luck or the generosity of others to get by. Like their animal namesakes, members of the Weaver Finch sign are well known for being specialists.
Powerful, majestic, and devoted, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Eagle are born to dedicate themselves to a cause with an intensity rarely seen by any of their peers. Their intensity springs from their personal passion and idealism, and those who are honest with their deepest desires will find themselves inexplicably drawn toward them. Being born in the Year of the Dragon, members of this sign are tremendous leaders who naturally draw others in with their energy.
Those born under the sign of the Alligator are significantly different from their fellow Capricorns in their approach to achieving success (a Capricorn hallmark). Rather than climb, climb, climb to the top at a slow and steady pace, Alligators believe in working smarter, not harder. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign prefer to wait patiently for opportunity to come to them. Just as the deadly swamp beast sits in motionless silence waiting for prey to mistake the calm waters around them for safety, those born under this sign exemplify a patience, cunning, and tenacity that few others can match.
Hard working, resilient, and independent, those born under the sign of the Salmon are always on the move. To them success is of maximum importance. Few signs are as driven as this one. Like everyone else, they may get disappointed by obstacles, but they never let those stop them from getting where they want to go. Salmon believe in the impossible - if only for themselves. Like their animal namesake, those born under this sign are willing to fight an uphill (or upstream) battle regardless of what the end goal is. Once they set their mind to accomplishing something, there is almost no way of stopping them.
Dependable, ambitious, and independent, those born under the sign of the Mole are also some of the most likely to care about how others perceive them. Of course, they will deny this, but one look at their purposefully constructed appearance will tell you otherwise. Often fitting in by “not fitting in”, members of this sign are often mired in unnecessary self-doubt. Like their animal namesake, Moles don’t make a lot of sudden moves. Instead they cautiously calculate their strategies in life in order to avoid making unnecessary mistakes.
Independent, self-sufficient, and optimistic, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Woodpecker have a strong belief in themselves and their ability to create and achieve. Highly capable and adaptable, Woodpeckers are good at figuring out puzzles and overcoming challenges that others prefer to avoid. Woodpeckers have big ambitions and rarely trust others to perform to their expectations. Because of this, they often take matters into their own hands in order to get things exactly how they want them.
As a Capricorn born in the Year of the Rooster, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Bee are as hard working, optimistic, and straight-forward as their animal namesake. In the animal kingdom, worker bees spend their lives grinding away toward a higher purpose while at the same time enhancing and improving the world around them by pollinating flowers, providing honey, and sacrificing themselves for the good of their hive. This description may make those born under the sign of the Bee sound like the slaves of society, but this is not accurate. If anything, Bees are slaves to themselves and those close to them, but even that is misleading. Members of this sign thrive on their ability to create, manage, and improve their surroundings.
Faithful, idealistic, and resourceful, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Boxer are ambitious individuals who always want to do the right thing. A combination of the Western Zodiac sign of Capricorn and the Eastern Zodiac sign of Dog, members of this sign strive for personal success within the boundaries of their own moral and ethical codes. Boxers are often traditional and avoid trying new things until they have done their own research. New ideas, techniques, and social roles have to be put to the test before they are accepted as valid.
Determined, dependable, and self-reliant, those born under the sign of the Spider are sympathetic and honest friends with a strong desire to find their place in the world. They have great ambitions and though they enjoy a social life will spend a great deal of their time trying to turn their dreams into reality. They have the patience, intelligence, and drive to succeed at whatever task they choose, though it will likely take longer than expected to reach the desired results. Spiders build their little empire one step at a time. They have an innocence to them that others don’t want to squash with reality.
Meerkat is a highly contradictory sign. Members of this sign struggle with different parts of their personality on a regular basis, though those around them will hardly notice. They are simultaneously philanthropic and greedy. They want to be seen as different from everyone else while being accepted by those same people. They are talkative, charming, and funny one day and quietly lost in their own thoughts the next. They are often extremely friendly and likable but can be self-centered and downright aggressive at any time. Members of the Meerkat sign are always deeply intelligent and perceptive. They can see what everyone else sees, but on deeper levels and multiple layers with ease.
People born under the Walrus sign are likely some of the most curious people you will ever meet. They can be exceptionally smart and hardworking to a fault. They have big ideas that they have no intention of allowing to simply remain ideas. It’s tempting to think of Walruses as the cartoonish mad scientist or absent-minded inventor making fantastic machines in his basement, but in reality Walruses are much more grounded than this. They have many layers to their thinking, but are always fair with others. They are not overtly social, yet they work extremely hard on projects with the intention that others can benefit from them.
Panthers are one of the most well-liked of the Primal Zodiac signs. They are very engaging with others and are always looking for ways to make life better for everyone around them. When they are on top of their game, they are strong, energetic, creative, and intelligent. But they have a dark side, which usually comes out if they feel like they are not in control of their lives. When they are off balance, they can also be eccentric, over-protective, mysterious, and unpredictable. No matter what their current mood, Panthers are confident, and they have every reason to be.
People tend to assume that Sloths are lazy, but this is really not the case. Sure, they prefer to hang around their home a good deal, but it’s not because they don’t want to do anything, they just like to take things slow. Like their animal namesake, members of the Sloth sign are unafraid to show their unique nature. They are extremely friendly to the point of seeming a bit naive. That paired with their tendency to avoid confrontation and it’s easy to see why others often see Sloths as being weak. In reality, Sloths are great diplomats.
Above all else, Leopards are hard to ignore. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign find it nearly impossible to go unnoticed. Not that they would want to. These are among one of the most grand and eccentric signs out there. They have absolutely no trouble getting attention, though this is rarely their end goal. Rather, their natural assertiveness and personality make others stop and take notice whether they want to or not. The natural power of their personalities make Leopards capable of doing great things, and at their best they use this power to serve the greater good and end up being much beloved by their communities for this.
Boa Constrictors are intelligent, charming, colorful, and intuitive. They are highly observant and have a knack for anticipating the behavior of others. They are very analytical by nature and while they can be eccentric at times, they calculate their moves carefully before making them. They are very good with words and can convince others to do what they want, but they also try to avoid being manipulative, unless they need to for the greater good. Often, members of this sign spend a great deal of energy fighting an inner struggle to balance selfishness with selflessness.
Those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Unicorn are outgoing, energetic, smart, and unique. That’s the good news. The bad news is that they can also be self-centered, attention-starved, restless, and excessively eccentric. Overall, Unicorns are kind of giving by nature and have the capacity to venture far beyond their peers to reach places that others would find impossible. This is the greatest strength of the Unicorn. Their adventurous nature refuses to see limitations.
Of all of the Primal Zodiac signs, Handfish are most likely to be considered “strange”. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign like to do things their own way, which often baffles others. Any of the Primal Zodiac signs that fall under the sun sign of Aquarius are a bit eccentric, but this sign in particular is the least understood. This is mostly because Handfish are the least likely to explain themselves. Though they are actually very friendly, they tend to be quiet and reserved, and feel perfectly comfortable living in their own wild fantasies. Though they seem shy, members of the Handfish sign actually prefer being in a group situation; they are simply content to let others have the spotlight while they observe, ready to contribute to the group when asked.
A combination of inner intelligence and an energetic sense of playfulness, Dolphins are lovable, active, and adaptable. At their best, members of this sign are curious tinkerers by day and everyone’s favorite drinking buddy by night. At their worst, Dolphins allow themselves to become nervous, confused, and overwhelmed in their work and become obnoxious pranksters to their friends. Balance is a difficult act for the Dolphin. They have all the potential in the world to be great when they are focused, but too often second-guess their own natural intelligence and their world ends up crashing down around them.
Much like their animal namesake, members of the Bird-of-Paradise Primal Zodiac sign are colorful, adventurous, and naturally draw attention from those around them. They want to make the most out of life, so they make big goals and big plans and truly believe in their ability to achieve them. In truth, they have more ability to achieve big goals than many other Primal Zodiac signs, as long as they can stay humble enough to see their lives for what they really are, not what they want them to be. With such big dreams, a Bird-of-Paradise can easily get lost on the wrong path.
Chameleons, like their namesake animal, are nearly impossible to perceive correctly. That’s because Chameleons never stay the same for long. From an outside perspective, the chameleon can at any time appear confidently eccentric or anxiously insane. Chameleons love to explore and are only truly held down to Earth by their own internal practicality, that shows up every once in awhile when they really need it. One thing that nobody can question about Chameleons, though, is their kind and giving nature. Though they often seem to be in pursuit of whatever shiny object catches their attention at the moment, members of this sign are always looking out for their fellow man.
The Pufferfish is largely misunderstood. That goes for the animal as well as the Primal Zodiac sign. Often seen as dangerous and unpredictable, Pufferfish really just want to be left alone by people (or fish) that they don’t know. That’s not to say that members of this sign are not social. In fact, they strongly prefer being with friends and family over being alone. It’s just that they like things they way they expect them to be, and new people or places disrupt that aspect of their personality. Members of this sign are intelligent, insightful, kind, helpful, and well-liked.
Those born under the sign of the Lemming may seem somewhat reserved upon first meeting them, but it doesn’t take long to discover a surprisingly bright personality and sense of humor hidden beneath the surface. Smart and clever, but also deeply creative and emotional, these passive individuals can be influential when they want to be. Unlike some other signs they don’t need to shout orders from the mountaintop to be inspiring. Instead they use their clever use of words and ideas to paint mental pictures in the minds of others. This is a sign where deep thought, emotion, beauty, introspection, and intuition meet expression, curiosity, and charm.
Quiet, observant, and gentle, those born under the sign of the Moose are hard workers who dedicate themselves to the causes that they believe in. These causes may be the family they choose to raise or the careers they choose to follow, but in most cases they move selflessly toward the greater good. Moose are sensitive, but this should not be misinterpreted as a weakness. Like their animal namesake, their generally calm and submissive nature is offset by the knowledge that they have great strength in reserve and can become as aggressive as anyone if pushed too far.
A seeming contradiction in terms, those born under the sign of the Stingray are adventurous, humanitarian, generous, sincere, rebellious, and emotionally fragile all at the same time. To some this energy may come across as chaotic and wild, which it certainly can be from time to time, but Stingrays are also deep thinkers, dreamers, and idealists. Though they can be sullen and elusive from time to time, members of this sign always stand up for what they believe in. Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Stingray are mostly harmless.
A combination of the two most passive signs in their respective zodiacs, the Primal Zodiac sign of Silkworm belongs to those born under the tropical sun sign of Pisces during the Chinese Year of the Rabbit. This should not be interpreted, though, as saying that the Silkworm is weak. Members of this sign are among the most creative and intuitive people in the world. The difference between a weak or a strong Silkworm will be the amount of self-confidence they build. Silkworms are very emotional and easily influenced, so having strong role-models around, particularly in their younger and more formative years, will make a tremendous difference.
An intriguing combination of the sensitive and docile Pisces and the proud, powerful Dragon, one would expect those born under the sign of the Firefly to be more of a contradiction. In most cases, however, these two very different sets of personality traits work quite well together. Firefly is the sign of the idealist. Creative, intuitive, and mysterious, Fireflies are passionate about what they believe in. They try hard to be optimists who want to see the world as a happy place where good things are supposed to happen to good people.
Mysterious, cerebral, and soft-spoken, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Frog are elusive charmers with excellent intuition. Their natural instincts are so good, in fact, that they can get further in life than most solely on their intuitive gifts. Frogs have big imaginations and like to think situations through long before they are ever encountered. They have strategic minds and can anticipate the moves of others before they happen. Like their animal namesakes, members of this sign then only have to sit and wait for their prey to come to them.
The “spiritual wanderers” of the Primal Zodiac, those born under the sign of the Gecko are deep, energetic, and creative. They get excited about new events, social scenes, and even rough concepts of new ideas. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are often found restlessly trying to find the best possible situation to put themselves in, rather than simply relaxing and enjoying the moment. Just as the lizard will move all over a rock to get the perfect amount of sunlight, those born under the sign of the Gecko spend a great deal of energy trying to find the most perfect balance possible.
Kind, dreamy, and sensitive, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Leafy Seadragon are some of the world’s most imaginative thinkers. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign tend to float through life unnoticed, quietly and steadily making their way forward by following their excellent intuition. It’s easy for them to get sidetracked or caught up in the current of the real world, but Leafy Seadragons do best when they follow their hearts instead of trying to do what seems most practical. Practicality, organization, and efficiency are not their strengths, yet members of this sign often feel guilty or stupid for not mastering them.
Creative, intelligent, and curious, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Cheetah are a rare breed who have the capacity for high levels of both artistic and mathematical skill. Thus, they are often interested at an early age in esoteric or unexplained mysteries of the world. Their questioning of everything sparks an early learning curve, and most adults will perceive them as gifted. As kids, they often find themselves preferring the company of adults to other children. Like their animal namesake, though, those born under the sign of the Cheetah are quick to get going in life, but have a harder time staying ahead in the long run.
In the animal kingdom, ocelots are nocturnal, solitary, and very territorial. They build their own little world around themselves and only rarely will let anyone else in. However, some people (such as famous surrealist painter Salvador Dali) have successfully kept them as pets. This is the secret of the ocelot: They can be dangerous, but are still just little cats deep down at their core. Once they can learn to trust others they can live right alongside everyone else comfortably. This is the natural way of being for those born under the sign of the Ocelot. They keep others at a distance.
Loyal, helpful, and creative, those born under the sign of the Tarsier are also some of the most sensitive individuals of the Primal Zodiac. Tarsiers spend much of their time lost in thought. They are both dreamers and idealists who would greatly prefer to live in an imaginary Utopia rather than have to suffer through the chaos and iniquity of the real world. Tarsiers are highly sensitive, both emotionally and intuitively. They take the pains of the world around them personally. In fact, they are so deeply affected by the problems of others that they can become easily overwhelmed, which can lead to depression, anxiety, and even addiction.
Sincere, dependable, and a bit eccentric, those born under the sign of the Zebra walk to their own beat. It’s not that they try to be noticed, it’s just that people can’t help but notice them. Like the zebra of the animal kingdom, their authentic but unique way of being gives them a mysterious, attractive quality that is difficult to both understand and resist. Zebras are social creatures who typically have many acquaintances. Though they can be fairly quiet and reserved they are actually excellent networkers. They can simply walk politely through a room introducing themselves and have half of the room wanting to find out more about them.