Having Aries as your Ascendant feels like having Mars in your 1st house. The native’s body is athletic and active, highly energetic and capable of physical work. Such people like to exercise and generally pay attention to their shape. Many times, Aries Ascendant people tend to be shorter than individuals with other rising signs. Their body likes to function with discipline, and it is frequent to observe them have a military regime concerning their daily work-out. Their body likes automatisms, reacting very quickly. They can excel in martial arts, and all types of self-defense techniques. Their body acts before thinking, which can make them great in any profession, sport or hobby that needs quick responses. On the other hand, such automatic reactions of their body can become a problem in other areas of their lives, especially those where thinking before doing is necessary to prevent difficult situations.
Having Taurus as your Ascendant feels like having Venus in your 1st house. The native’s body is rather slow to react, yet has a very strong stamina. The facial expressions of such people appear slower, gifting them a good poker face. Taurus Ascendant individuals will not rush into reacting; they will automatically stall and process the incoming actions before they react to external parameters. As Taurus is the most fertile and fruitful sign, it tends to not give slender and skinny people. On the contrary, on many occasions, Taurus Rising people will have a fuller figure. The body of a woman with a Taurus Ascendant will tend to develop as the archetype of the ancient Greek goddess Aphrodite. The breasts may be larger than average, and the hips may be wider. Individuals with this rising sign may have a strong and fixed body, representing the stereotypical nature of the animal-sign, which is, of course, the bull. Strong neck, skin thicker than average, big eyes, are just some of the characteristics this Ascendant might gift. In addition, the native’s voice may be deep and warm, rather pleasant to other people’s ears.
Having Gemini as your Ascendant feels like having Mercury in your 1st house. Such individuals will always prefer their intellect over their appearance. They feel they are a brain, rather than a body. This is quite natural, as the planet-messenger enhances all their abilities connected with thought, thus slightly diminishing the role of their physical self. Such individuals usually talk very quickly, and speak in a higher pitch of voice than others. Their body movements are also faster than the average, and include a lot of gesticulation in their expressions. Of course, Gemini makes them speak a lot and absorb big amounts of information, which they naturally reproduce. They have a strong curiosity about nearly everything, which usually makes them quite educated. They are social butterflies, always involved in some type of correspondence with others. Gemini Rising people need a constant flow of information and data to not get bored, and there is nothing better for them than socializing with a wide spectrum of people.
Having Cancer as your Ascendant feels like having the Moon in your 1st house. Both Cancer and the Moon have strong feminine characteristics, which is natural as they symbolize the archetype of the Female. This will naturally grant a very feminine appearance, even to men that have this natal placement. We should note here that this does not necessarily affect their sexual preferences, yet mostly how their appearance and presence are perceived. Cancer Rising people tend to have a gentle shape of body, with harmonic lines in their figure. The face of the individual is usually round, with slightly enlarged cheeks. They usually have pale and fair skin, with dark or even black hair. Indeed, especially when the native is a woman, the stereotype of their appearance follows this exact pattern. The Moon is the ruler of the night, and whoever baths in its silver rays will have a white skin, while the night that surrounds them gives its colors to his hair. We are speaking here about the exact opposite of the Leo archetype, where the Sun (ruler of the day) will grant the native golden skin and brownish hair. Thus, a Cancer ascendant will make the native appear somehow anemic. Other characteristics that such people can have are long and feminine eyelashes/eyebrows. When the native is a woman, she may have beautiful and somehow noticeable breasts and stomach. The reason is that Moon and Cancer rule both breastfeeding/maternity and also digestion.
The sign of Leo gives people who like to physically take part in activities that are fun. No matter if it is sports, partying or performing, they have an inner need to feed their inner desire of inducing joy. They may like performing some art or acting as a hobby or even a profession, and will always feel beautiful when they are observed and admired by others. Leo is the natural ruler of the 5th house, which represents the life area of recreation, fun and flirt. In addition, the fifth house is ruling children, and Leos always hide a child inside them that they are not even afraid to show. They like competition, hate to lose and will prefer to have around them either people that are inferior, or that cannot excel in the same fields than they do. They will always get along very well with people that have totally different abilities, strengths and even interests, as they will not feel subconsciously threatened of losing their crown. You will find Leo Ascendants anywhere there is action, fun and socializing together. Also, you will frequently find them in front of a mirror.
Having Virgo as your Ascendant feels like having Mercury in your 1st house. It is also kind of similar to having Gemini in the 1st house, especially considering how important communication and information are for such people. Yet, Virgos tend to be the introvert Mercurial types, while Gemini the extrovert ones. Still, Virgo Ascendant people will always prefer their intellect over their body. They feel like they are a brain, rather than a body. Natural pessimists, Virgo Rising people will always be over-analytical and stall on details. Even concerning their own body, they have a tendency to be rather judgmental about it, preferring to concentrate on small elements that they dislike rather than what they consider beautiful. This is quite natural, as the planet-messenger enhances all their abilities connected with thought, thus slightly diminishing the role of their physical self. Virgo Rising people think too much, and usually perceive the cup as half-empty.
Having Libra as your Ascendant feels like having Venus in your 1st house. The native’s body is beautiful and balanced, and their appearance is usually rather appreciated by other individuals. Libra will gift the native a beautiful face with harmonic lines, and a very warm smile. Libra Ascendant people are perceived as pleasant by others, thus it makes it easy for them to make new acquaintances. Of course, this is also another weapon of the diplomatic skills that Libra as a sign can grant. Their presence can remove tension from others, smooth and soothe; they are the peacemakers in action. Libra Ascendant individuals tend to have a slim body in the first part of their lives, gaining some weight in the second one. Still, they always preserve a well-shaped body, and even the extra pounds develop into attractive curves. They usually have a skin of the best quality, and the colors that prevail in their appearance are lighter than the average person. They also tend to have well-shaped, pearly white teeth. When it comes to Caucasian people, Libra Ascendant can frequently gift blue eyes. A Libra Rising woman’s body will develop as the archetype of the ancient Greek goddess Aphrodite. She was the goddess of beauty, and the effects on a female body are more than obvious. As Libra is an air sign, it will make the overall presence of a Libra rising person gentle and harmonic. People with this natal placement will walk in a beautiful way, while also will usually have good dancing skills.
Having Scorpio as your Ascendant feels like having Pluto in your 1st house. The native has a seductive look, and a highly sexual body. The eyes are piercing and hide promises, full of mystery and lust. The nose can frequently be crooked, and the eyebrows may be representing some nightly bird. The overall appearance of the face is usually quite powerful, and could be more easily described as dangerous than sweet. The native’s body is usually slim and seeps eroticism, making others feel attracted to them quite easily. The muscles are well-shaped and the overall condition of the body appears to be athletic, even if the individual is not exercising. Even when a Scorpio Ascendant person is not beautiful, he still has those dark erotic vibes, luring others to become their sexual prey. Especially when the chart owner is a woman, her body can be flexible as a snake, being able to hypnotize others with its “dancing” movements. As Scorpio is a water sign, it will make the overall presence of a Scorpio Ascendant person liquid. People with this natal placement will dance in a seductive way, while also will have good athletic abilities (mostly because of Mars being the co-ruler of Scorpio).
Having Sagittarius as your Ascendant feels like having Jupiter in your 1st house. The native has a positive approach to life, and is a natural optimist. He likes having fun and laughing, and usually is easily accepted by other people due to his out-going character. They are curious individuals, always ready to discover the world around them. The natural expansive traits of Sagittarius make them need action, as they cannot stand feeling entrapped. This makes them be constantly on the move, yet on the other hand definitely diminishes stability. Other people may frequently think they lack seriousness, behaving as children and being quite light-headed in their decisions. Yet, a Sagittarius Ascendant person has faith in himself, being confident that any decision will actually bring a good outcome. This inner positivity can help them overcome difficulties, and see their life through a filter full of hope. Eventually, success and positive outcomes do happen, and the suffering experienced in reaching them is minimized due to this positive approach towards reality.
Having a Capricorn Ascendant feels like having Saturn in your 1st house. The native may have a very serious and realistic approach to life, and usually avoids optimism and having high hopes. He believes that reaching his goals requires a lot of effort, which he will willingly give. One can say that even during his childhood, such an individual behaves like a grownup. Usually, these archetypes of behavior pass to him from his dominant parent, who frequently is his father. Alternatively, this native may have been influenced a lot from his grandparents, who may have played an important role in his young ages and passed to him rather conservative views on life. In either occasion, he is careful and restrained in his decisions, a wonderful tactician and quite narrow-minded; it is rather difficult to change his opinion even when it is a wrong one. Some would say this makes them difficult to adapt to new surroundings or to change their patterns of behaving. Yet, as Capricorn Ascendant people tend to see the big picture and organizing their movements on the long-term, sticking to their initial decisions/thoughts/strategies may prove quite beneficial as it is something they have already tested and that worked for them beforehand. In addition, any possible mistakes they do are perceived solely as their own responsibility, and not attributed to others due to possible influences on the Capricorn Ascendant’s mind.
Having an Aquarius Ascendant feels like having Uranus in your 1st house. The native desires no borders, and even his own body may feel as some type of restriction that he needs to overcome. He usually will use it as a vessel, to pass through stereotypes imposed by the society that he denies towards new stereotypes that he will impose himself. We should not forget that we are slowly getting into the age of Aquarius, and eventually after centuries the Aquarian characteristics will prevail and become the norm for the masses. Thus, people who have Aquarius as their Rising sign become also messengers of what is to come. People with this placement are not only believing in new forms of society, but actually using their own body to fight for their establishment. We mentioned a little before, about Aquarius Rising people being like a fly in a glass of milk. Indeed, this Ascendant can have a huge effect both on what they wear, and what style they generally have. When you see a person having his hair died green or purple, and wearing clothes that just cannot pass unnoticed, there is a high possibility that he has an Aquarius Ascendant. They adore not only to sign their uniqueness with vivid colors, but also to provoke – especially when the surroundings they live in are conservative. They are natural eccentrics, and not at all shy to show it. Eventually, the style of an Aquarius Ascendant will find its way inside the social system and become a trend – many others will follow.
Having Pisces as your Ascendant feels like having planet Neptune in your 1st house. Both Pisces and Neptune have rather ethereal characteristics, acting either as a fog or a mirror – distorting the real image of the person and rather creating an illusion in the eyes of the other people. Such individuals have rather magnetic characteristics, and a hypnotizing aura which can even make them appear somehow non-defined in the subconscious of other individuals. Other people might find difficulties remembering certain details of a Pisces Ascendant person’s appearance, unless they communicate with them on a frequent basis. Instead, they may have distorted memories about how they look like, or apply to their visual memories characteristics that do not exist in reality, yet are created through the atmosphere that surrounds them and any type of interaction with them.