The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces in you a truly explosive personality; dynamic, hard hitting, powerful, and magnetic. Every idea put forth in the reading of your Sun sign is intensified by the Aries Moon. Independence and self-confidence may be so intensified that they become a stumbling block in personal relationships, if they are not somewhat tamed. You are an individualist first, last, and always. You are extremely impatient with people, sometimes to the extent of being intolerant. People may view you as hardboiled because of a tendency for you to be too matter-of-fact. You do express yourself readily and forcefully, with considerable dramatic effect. It's painfully difficult for you to listen to and understand the woes of others. Yet you can be demanding of the attention of those around you on those rare occasions when you disclose your personal problems. You are not an intellectual person, and you may not have even taken the time to get a good education. In fact, well-educated and intellectually pretentious folks are among those you find the most boring and uninteresting. You are not impressed with abstract thoughts and ideas, only actions and accomplishments. This is not to say you don't use your mind. Your mind is always active: reading, talking, discussing. When it comes to getting things done and done rapidly, your talents can fill the bill. This position provides exceptional leadership traits, but a need to develop qualities of tact and consideration for the feeling of others can impede progress.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows that you can combine forcefulness and enough tact to be effective as leader. For all the charm and dash of manner about you, there is a distinct layer of steely drive and determination. The aggressiveness and rough edges of Aries are softened and smoothed by the influence of Taurus. You can be an agreeable and polite person, with tactless behavior kept well in check. You have a curious way of appearing tactful even as you lay down the law and demand your way. There's a "sugar and spice" way of driving your point home, and winning. You have a powerful magnetic quality, coupled with a very strong will and determination for leadership. All Aries are natural leaders, but in this configuration, there is more stability and more of a solid base to the operation. You think highly of yourself, though you aren't one to make a show of this. Yet a pervading sense of your abilities is the foundation of your life. You're never likely to suffer from an inferiority complex. You need to learn to rule without dominating and to adjust your desires to the happiness of those around you. Anyhow, regardless of your sex, you're likely to be the dominate partner in your marital relationship, and you'll try to control circumstances in nearly any situation you find yourself.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces one of the most verbally active pairs in the Zodiac. You're likely to dominate any conversation as your mind works fast and releases the information it has processed just as fast. You have to learn to keep things to yourself at least until you've made up your mind, which you don't find easy to do. It is easier for you to make decisions by sitting down and talking things out rather than by closing yourself off, studying the issues and concentrating on the alternatives. Speaking before you think and jumping to conclusions can get you in deep trouble. Success will come easier for you after you have learned, and practice, the art of secrecy, clearly thinking things through before you charge off. This shortcoming notwithstanding, you are likely to get far in the world because of your quick wit and good intentions. Your debate skills allow you to back lesser opponents into the corner with relative ease. Surprisingly, as quick as you act, you have an especially good knack for details. In business, your command of facts and figures gives you the semblance of the perfect executive. Nonetheless, you're often guilty of a little oscillation and indecision stemming from too many superficial facts and too little depth of study. Anyhow, fluency of mind is your primary attribute. Your style of getting bits and pieces of information and using them in a glib and effective way can take far. You may aspire to become an executive. However, the hard decision making necessary here may not be as natural for you as a spot in advertising, the literary world, or in other areas where your outstanding business acumen focused on anything dealing with the spoken or written word can be employed. You should try to overcome a certain superficiality with respect to both intellectual and emotional matters.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign blends the determined and aggressive traits of Aries, with the sensitivity, sympathy, and intuition of Cancer. This pairing produces a unique quality that generally permits you to succeed in a variety of endeavors. Unlike many dynamic Aries types, you can "feel" out the other fellow before jumping to an immediate conclusion. The Cancer influence slows down a tendency merely to react with an aggressive response to any stimuli. You are apt to put more thought and understanding into your actions. You have a knack for handling people because you know how to capture their imagination with your flair for dramatic appeals, and your seeming concern for their general welfare. This is not to say that you are a humanitarian by nature. In fact, like all Aries, you are somewhat self-centered in many ways. But talented enough, and sensitive enough, always to present yourself in a very convincing light. Though it is unintentional, at times you are damaging to others, or hurt them, without understanding that you are doing so. Your social perceptions are so keen that you can rise very rapidly with much popular support. The ease with which you can lead is sometimes a wonder even to yourself. While you have much pride in your abilities, you may often find yourself a little inwardly unsure. You may question how you can gather the dash and excitement that permits you to express yourself so convincingly. It's important that you remember not to take yourself too seriously and avoid excesses in dramatization.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that blends the Aries drive for success with the warmth, nobility, and balance of Leo. People respond to you naturally because of you are an interesting, active, adventurous, and exciting person. You pursue your ideals with great energy, excitement, a sense of adventure, and boundless enthusiasm. You love people and they respond to you in a very positive way to your magnetic personality. Self-image is all important to you, and you have a natural faith in yourself and probably a total confidence in your abilities. You respect yourself to a high degree and see yourself as a natural born leader. You need to achieve to reinforce this wonderful sense of worth, and to maintain a rightful position of leadership and popularity. Success may come because you can come up with good ideas, but more often it is because those above you and those below you both like you a lot and are willing to listen and follow you. You don't hesitate to tell people that you "need" them, because in your open and honest way, you're confident that they will respond to you and back your cause. You have a warm heart and an affectionate nature, because of a harmonious blending of individuality and personality; thinking and feeling are very much in tune. You have a talent for clear vision or for visualizing your goal or objective, concentrating on these goals and objectives, and attaining them.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows that you are very cool emotionally. A fine critical nature seems to replace a good deal of the impetuosity often associated with Aries. You are likely to have a mind that is channeled into practical matters, and you have a "no nonsense" attitude about most issues. Efficiency is all important to you. You have a driving determination to get things done, and to get them done right. You are definitely an achiever, combining your cool-headed judgment and the energy to put your thoughts into action. You may be lacking in creativity and originality, but you readily absorb knowledge and put it to use in a very efficient way. You figure things out from every angle and never overlook the smallest detail. You're hard to work for, because you're so exacting. You can be very pointed in your manner of criticizing a half-finished job or work that in any way reveals unacceptable quality. You are potentially a very fine executive if you can keep from making too many enemies with your aggressive and critical nature. You're not a romantic or a socially outgoing person, and you may even be something of a "lone wolf" type.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces contradictions in your makeup because these signs are precisely opposite one another, a full 180 degrees apart. Aries is naturally independent; the Libra Moon is sometimes very dependent. Thus, there is a strong balancing element to this combination sugging an Aries Sun that is uncommonly open to outside influences.  This is a difficult position presenting a problem between the emotional and mental nature. You are ambitious and eager to please people, with the sort of personality that seems to reach out to others as if you are in need of reassurance and guidance. Your nature is highly individualized, yet you are just as highly dependent on support and sympathy. The contradiction in your nature is that you value your freedom intensely, and while it would appear that your need for support could even result in you being dominated by another, this is never likely to be the case. You can ignore the feelings, opinions, and wishes of others when you get an idea in your head. The ability to concentrate on one thing for a prolonged period is very difficult for you. You can be daydreaming even when by all appearances you are hard at work. The dramatic side of your nature will always make it hard to keep your feet planted firmly on the ground and remain totally practical.  Much of the strong executive skills of the Aries Sun become modified by the artistitly balanced Libra Moon. 
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces an individual who combines assertiveness with a strong drive to control, improve, and revolutionize. This is a somewhat difficult position because of the intensity of your feelings, and the only thing that you may be satisfied with, is you. You are a very competent person, and you recognize this as a fact. Even when things are not going well, you are never one to become discouraged or inclined to give up. You are always seeking a new mountain to climb or a new challenge to meet. Change and revolution fascinate you, and you eagerly yearn to engage in any sort of competition or turmoil in which you can be a part. You may seem genial enough and have a pleasant, smiling face, but somehow others know that you are not one to be imposed upon or taken for granted. You are neither a materialist nor a humanitarian, but strive instead for recognition and admiration. The only reward you really seek is the personal satisfaction of seeing the job done right or the challenge met. In fact, to you, the work you do can be an end unto itself. You can get things done on your own, and you are likewise inspiring to others. People find you magnetic and interesting. Though people are drawn to you, the converse is not always true, and you may have few close friends. Self-sufficiency and self-respect seem all that you need much of the time. You are so self-contained and capable that you may often fail to receive any reasonable degree of sympathy and concern from others when these might be called for. This is not a concern for you because, just as you are harsh and demanding on those with whom you deal, you are just as hard and uncompromising with yourself.
The combination of your Sun and Moon sign produces self-determination affecting the way you think, act, and speak. This is a position of dynamic ideals and popular appeal. You believe in your "truth" with complete confidence. This belief is perhaps not in the facts of reality, but more likely a philosophy of life and other large issue beliefs you hold dear. The natural tendency for Aries to be the pioneer, the fighter, the doer, and the initiator new concepts and ideas is not greatly modified by this combination. Yet the Sagittarius Moon does impose a personal code of ethics and honor that may not always be present in the brash Aries native. In you, executive powers are strongly marked, taking the form of controlling others with ideas and principles. The proper path that should be followed is so clear to you that you are not one ever to mince words in plotting the course. Your intensely emotional approach to getting something accomplished can sometimes limit your awareness of the feeling of others and you can be tough on those around you. The human frailties of pettiness, emotionalism, and jealousy are not well understood by you, and do not relate well with your totally open and frank personality. You are definitely a leader of men, though you may not always understand them, conversely, people may completely respect you, but fault you for a lack of sensitivity. In all types of dealings there is tendency to employ a broad brush approach often finding it difficult to come down to the real and personal everyday issues. You are a gambler who is unafraid of the risks involved - you know how to get things done with a broad brush stroke leaving the finishing details to others.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign blend the attributes of the Ram (Aries) and the Goat (Capricorn), equipping you well for the task of battering and climbing. This position gives natural talents for managing and directing as the driving force of Aries is tempered with the persistence and deliberate judgment of Capricorn. You have an inner drive for success that is rarely equaled. There are also very definite ideas about where you are going and how you are going to get there; and you're not one to let anything stand in your way. In many ways you are an opportunist who knows how to judge people, spot problem people, and problem situations, before they get the upper hand. You may not get to your goals as quickly as many fellow Aries, since avoiding the pitfalls and waiting for the chance that is really what you want. This is a strength that other Aries may not possess. Nonetheless, your drive is always hard, and fast, compared to normal standards. Though you are full of energy and determination, and you seem to waste very little of these on nonproductive activities. You seem to know how to direct your efforts to get what you want. Being a very worldly person, fame and recognition are your top priorities or at least very near the top. You will give up a lot in a personal sense for success. You may make a good spouse, but marriage is not likely to be all important in your life, but rather an event. The career may be foolishly placed ahead of family. Your intellect is not unsound, but abstract knowledge or knowledge for its own sake, holds little appeal to you. Common sense seems much more valuable so far as you are concerned.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign indicates a nature that, while being somewhat discriminating, is very sociable and magnetic. People respond to your likable personality with few reservations. You have a good sense about want is modern and progressive, and you're always eager to play an important role in any kind of progress. But in fact, you are not an especially tolerant person. Holding to the establishment more as a reactionary than a liberal is more than likely your style. While you work well with the public, there is a tendency within you to feel that everyone should fend for themselves. You are not one to be particularly charitable to those less fortunate than yourself. This factor notwithstanding, you have innate social skills allowing you to make each person you meet feel that they are uniquely important to you. You have a noble air about you that is impressive and seems to signal that you have a good deal of self-esteem. A certain aristocracy of breeding is denoted by this position. This impresses those with whom you come in contact and they respect you for this. You are quick to judge people and situations, as your whole life seems to moves at a pretty rapid pace. You are romantic and highly idealistic. This is a good placement for material success and well-being, and for some degree of public recognition.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a somewhat introverted, self-analyzing, soul-searcher; not at all the typical Aries. Though you may have great potential in many directions, you seem to always harbor doubts and underestimate yourself. Making everyday decisions can, at times, be a trying experience for you. Strangely, however, you have a very determined streak in your nature, a need to be independent. You take things very personally, and impressions that come to you via your senses leave a very indelible mark on your mind. It's hard for you to avoid being very moody and worrying entirely too much. Your natural demeanor denies this, as you give a great impression of forcefulness, but internally you are timid, a little afraid of the world, and even afraid and unsure of your opinions. Again, you don't let the world see the shy person that you are. You dislike being imposed upon and you aren't shy about letting others know this. You express yourself readily with a facile manner of speaking. Bold as a lion on the outside, but meek as a lamb underneath. You have some difficulty concentrating, simply because you're a little too much the dreamer. You're not a very executive person and you aren't well suited for business; decisions are just too hard to make. It may be best not to worry about such matters, and instead concentrate on more congenial endeavors such as art, music, or writing, any of which would appeal more to your creative nature.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows you to be a strong individual with an even stronger and determined drive to achieve your ends. You can be very dedicated in your efforts to further important personal ambitions. The congenial, peaceable, and placid attributes of the bull (Taurus) are sure to be present, but Aries provides an emotional stimulation that makes you much more assertive that most Taurus natives. You have a sparkling enthusiasm which keeps you on the move asserting your natural leadership traits. While involved in an issue, your mind is actively and restlessly searching for loopholes, weak points, or contradictions. When you find an inconsistency in logic or in the facts, your quickness to judge comes into play and you form a definite opinion on the matter in seconds. If you later discover a contradiction to this argument, you may just as rapidly drop your position and with equal rigidity, hold to the opposite view. There are great inconsistencies in your nature, much more that you may realize or admit. You can be tolerant and broad-minded in your viewpoints one minute, and totally biased and unreasonable the next. Even when you aren't insisting on something, you have a way of making your wishes known by a manner, a gesture, or a lack of enthusiasm that clearly states your position. When you are directly arguing a point, you have a way of being so plausible and apparently reasonable that you wear down resistance. You have a way of eliminating opposition by the shear strength of your will. The traits of this configuration are ones that demand harnessing and controlling. If this is accomplished, there is little that you cannot accomplish. Generally, your ability to interact with people will be difficult, and your greatest achievements will be realized by directing your efforts toward impersonal activities.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign amplifies the determination and purposeful nature of this sign of the Bull. Your concentration and staying power is second to none. Concentration is the base of your renowned tendency toward stubbornness, in that when you apply your mind to a subject, nothing is likely to distract your attention. Accordingly, you can focus with equal tenacity on your work, your domestic life, and your leisure activities. You are never one to jump to conclusions, but once you have made up your mind, you are never likely to modify your views. You are highly conventional, and you have a great regard for the establishment and the status quo. Change is something you prefer to avoid because you are slow to adjust and dislike being required to do so. You make a good friend because you are honest and loyal. You enjoy good friends, good food, good music, and in general, the "good life." You are materialistic, but with a special knack for saving and reinvesting. You are always a hard worker, and you don't mind starting at the bottom and slowly working your way to the top. You can achieve success because the work you do is done well and you are totally dependable. Patient and calm, your "tongue in cheek" diplomacy designed to humor opponents until, in the end, you have your own way. You respect authority simply because you expect someday to have it.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign gives an affinity for sociability, and a definite air of simple pleasantness marks your personality. The contrasting elements of slowness of Taurus and speed of Gemini generally produces a Taurus person more apt to make errors of judgment. The natural trait of stubbornness may still be present, but the Gemini Moon often shows a tendency to jump rather quickly to conclusions and the natural Taurus fixity is not nearly so apparent. But sometimes trouble can arise when you form a quick opinion and do hold to it, no matter what. You are mentally alert, but apt to lack the great memory usually possessed by Taurus natives. There is an ever present tendency with this pairing to be too critical of other people. This is the most restless and fickle of the Taurus combinations. You may find yourself constantly jumping into friendships and romances, finding reasons why the other person is not right for you. Continuous challenge and stimulation is required to keep your undivided attention. You need more education that most people because study and learning steadies your nature. Your capacity for attainment increases in direct ratio with your interest in study and education. Fortunately, your intellectual tendencies probably endow you with good abilities or talents. You're apt to show especially good verbal skills; speaking and writing. With education you can be less restless and more contented. The mind is always needing something tangible and concrete with which to relate. Keeping yourself mentally busy is very important for you.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign is somewhat contradictory and confusing. The Moon placement suggests you are sensitive, easily hurt, and sometimes very resentful. The Sun, conversely, shows that you are not one to be pushed around easily, and at times you can be down right stubborn. Usually you hide your dislikes very well and rely on diplomacy, making it a little unclear to others exactly where you stand or what you are thinking. You have a way of changing your tactics to suit your purposes, and to avoid conflict. In business you are a shrewd tactical planner who can come up with the right strategy, often influenced more by feelings than reason. Yours is a rather sensitive nature, endowed with an emotional side that can easily be aroused. Your foundation and the stabilizing factor in your life is in the home and with the family. Self-assurance, that may seem strong in your nature, is really only skin deep. Your capacity for conciliating different views is noteworthy, but it can seem that you have no real conviction of your own sometimes. This is not usually the case however. There is a tendency for you to hide your light under the lamp shade when you need to be making decisions and taking firm actions. You need not be such a pushover because your ideas are very sound and well constructed. Your ambitions are strong and you never give up on a job. Yet there is a tendency to be a little negative and pessimistic when things don't go the way you think they should.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a strong determined will, well defined opinions, and a very forthright, honest, and fearless personality. There is much pride tied up in your nature. You respect others, but you listen to yourself and trust your personal abilities first and foremost. Not tending to rely on your intellect alone, you depend more on your hunches, and your key to success should be your high self-esteem. Creativity and pragmatism mark your nature, giving you an excellent sense of how things should be constructed, organized, or planned. You are a good manager or boss, and people respond well to working for you. At your best you are persistent, sure and reliable. Personal confidence and pride can at times cause you to be domineering and inflexible in attitude, and you possess strong likes and dislikes. Because you are usually so steady and consistent, you rarely blow up. You can be critical, but in a fair and constructive way. Wanting things done your way, you don't like to have your action very closely monitored or scrutinized, although you are not above doing this to others. Too your few close friends, you are trustworthy, honest, and devoted. You seem to like or dislike people because of instinctive feelings about them rather than for matters you have reasoned out. This is a very fixed and stable personality, but in the early part of your life you probably had tendencies toward extremes. Throughout your life it will always be important for you to double check decisions and avoid overestimating possibilities because of confidence or pride. Behind the spirited, but pridefully impulsive qualities in your personality is a practical, solid, determined internal nature that serves you much better.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces charm, poise, balance and a good deal of common sense. Unless the Sun or the Moon has some difficult aspects to contend with, you will glide through life with few problems, because of the pragmatic and stable physical characteristics of Taurus blended with the cool intellect of Virgo. You have much to offer the world, but someone may have to spur you into action. Once the inertia of getting started is overcome, you can throw yourself into work with the greatest energy if you so desire. You may be prone to complain about the way life is treating you, but without some of these minor irritations, you would coast along and let someone else shoulder the responsibility. A little adversity is good for you and wakes you up so that you can become very conscientious on the job. You have an innate ability, if left to your own devices, of slipping by with the expenditure of very little energy; living by your wits and your practical nature. When you apply yourself, results can be amazing. A natural student, your mind is quick and retentive. You love to read, and you can grasp and retain material that other may often overlook. Though you are stubborn and don't like to be told what to do, you are inclined to end up in a subordinate role simply because you aren't very aggressive at grabbing the reins of control and responsibility. You have charisma and magnetism combined with the ability to see people for what they are. These characteristics are what makes life easy for you and allows you to become very much the opportunist who takes advantage of charm, common sense and innate abilities to produce a comfortable lifestyle.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces one of the most likable personalities in the Zodiac. Others may have more wit, ambition, or intellect, but none equal the charm and appeal of this combination. A nice home and a close family are your first loves; social contact and involvement, a close second. Your keen social personality is aided by a fine sense of humor and an easygoing outlook. This personality is marked with optimism, even if you're up to your ears in private woes. Anyone that doesn't like you is probably motivated by jealousy. You are expressive and idealistic, your nature is inclined toward the dramatic and the artistic. Though your positive attitude allows you to accomplish a great deal when you settle down to work, when forced to face the world of fact and figures and engage in anything that restricts your creative talents, you can never really be happy. You can never handle conflict matters very well as you suffer from nervous tension when placed in a confrontation situation or hostility of any kind. Your great sense of balance and harmony constantly protects you from ever go off the deep end. You may have a wide range of emotional responses from rapturous joy when you are happily with a special someone in a solid relationship, to almost going to pieces when you are confronted by hostility and forced to react to it.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality possessing a good deal more emotional intensity that is normally observed in the very stable Taurus Sun sign native. A very attractive cover hides the emotionally temperamental side of your nature. There is a very "definite" quality about you that insists black is black and white is white, and the many shades of gray don't exist. You have a very strong and passionate nature that knows what it wants and how to get it. You are very headstrong, self-willed, and independent. Your charm is instantaneous, and this coupled with your dramatic flare, shows talent for acting and speaking. You like being noticed and there is nothing at all timid about you. You are very appealing to the opposite sex, but the temperament you release when your reserve breaks down can make personal relationships very stormy. With all the tools that you have to get ahead, it wouldn't be hard for you to go far. Strangely however, your ambition to do so may not be as strong as many of your competitor who you pass along the way may believe. The tension that seems always to be building up constantly produces the urge to get away from it all and let yourself completely relax. You need this reprieve to avoid the stress to which you are rather susceptible.
The combination of your Sun sign and Moon sign blend two signs that are both extroverted and sociable, and enjoy having a good time. Your sense of what constitutes a good time is variable; sometimes simple and earthy, and other times much more venturesome. Your highly developed social sense suggests that you like people, but they must be the right people. You would rather be alone than confined with people that you consider dull or uninteresting. This is not to say you are necessarily class conscious, for you can get along with all types of people with your ability to say the right thing at the right time. Your manner of speaking is, however, forthright and direct and you have no difficulty making your sincerity and decisiveness felt. Your stubborn nature can express itself in such a flexible way that you can discuss a subject at great length without wavering from your original position. A tendency to stick by your very high principles and code make you come across as a moralist and one not above sitting in judgment of friend and acquaintances. You feel you have a right to this as you are a pretty good, law abiding, conventional human being. Talk is a specialty of yours, especially when the talk can take on a personal touch. You always enjoy exchanging tidbits of gossip and passing on rumors. You try to like a good life; full and satisfying in an intellectual sense, but pleasant and luxurious all the same.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a personality that is gentle and easygoing, unless some way provoked. When you are asked to do something against your will, the nature of both signs is to resist with a great stubbornness. Your makeup is very strong and durable emotionally. You can handle much stress and stain in your life and always emerge from a crisis in good shape. You are stable and decisive, and there is little that is frivolous or whimsical about you. You don't waste time daydreaming because you are just too practical. You may spend a good deal of time planning or putting things together, but you prefer to deal in tangible, matter-of-fact affairs that lend themselves well to your close scrutiny and critical analysis. You are a dependable person to whom others bring problems or projects and count on for help. You actually enjoy a sense of responsibility, perhaps even more than the recognition or power that usually accompanies authority. Security is of the utmost importance to you. You don't necessarily want wealth, but security of home, of position, and of a degree of prestige are all important. You are a proud person, with a strong sense of your own worth, which you like to see manifest in the material things in your world . . .your accomplishments or your surroundings. You have much executive talent because of your down-to-earth way of approaching problems and you keen understanding of human nature. You have an instinct for knowing what people are thinking and what they will be thinking in a little while.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces an affable personality and an easy, friendly manner that makes it easy for you to meet and deal with strangers. You know instinctively how to get along with people. This conceals a core of hard purpose and solid convictions. Your charming manner and pleasant demeanor draws others to you like a magnet, and you can achieve your ends with diplomacy and friendly persuasion. You are, likewise, very tolerant of people and always very interested in them, albeit in a rather detached way. Sometimes you are even too quick to trust the untrustworthy, because you are so prone to have an initial sense of faith in others. Few can live up to your code of treating other people as you would like to have them treat you. Your major motivating power or personal drive stems from your deep feelings. You can feel deeply about things, yet because of an impersonal quality in your external personality, you are seldom likely to go overboard because of emotional pressures. You know how to control and wisely direct your feelings making them work for you in human relationships. You have an excellent, very studious mind, curious and inventive. You have an innate ability to work well with colors and forms and may have a good deal of artistic talent. You do not ask for much in a material sense, and thus, you may not achieve a great deal in this regard. Strangely, inertia can be your only enemy. You possess a good deal of self-esteem that will aid you in attaining much in life. Though shrewd in business, your honor never deserts you. Your friendliness and ability to put people at ease can prove to be your greatest asset for success and attainment.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces much creativity and imagination, but at the same time it creates a somewhat private dream life that may not have a firm grip on reality. Taurus gives you a restful or stable internal nature, but the Moon gives a rather changeable personality. Despite a need and desire for sympathy and affection, you may isolate yourself from others and maintain strong powers of restraint in relating your feelings. You are highly sensitive to emotional matters, impressionable to love and flattery. You are somewhat susceptible to being imposed upon by friends and associates. Insights to people are continuous being formed and evaluated and the conclusions formed are generally accurate. It is important that you exercise discrimination in selecting your friends. The passive inclinations in your nature makes you inclined to attract imposition by others playing on your good nature and kind disposition. You take life seriously, but view things that are going on around you as though you were not part of the picture, and it is somewhat easy for you to lose sight of reality. You can be extremely amiable when you permit yourself to respond to people in a spontaneous and natural manner. Because of this, you are a natural for romance that is always strong in your nature. You have a stubborn streak that can be a protective device and helpful, if you don't let it become too powerful in your personality. A tendency toward overindulgence can cause you some problems at times; too much worry, food, sex, pleasure-seeking. Avoid brooding and feeling sorry for yourself. You do much better when you open up to people and keep yourself on a positive track.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs makes you mentally "quick as a cat," witty, versatile, and mobile, both in mind and body. You are naturally alert, active, and aggressive. At your best, you have a very ambitious nature, asserting yourself in a positive and confident manner in whatever direction you decide to go. You are a fun companion and a dangerous opponent, especially in a battle of words. You are intellectually motivated with an inclination for study and education, a desire always to stay up to date by study and the gathering of information on vital topics. Thus, you generally have a vast fund of information, stories, and quips, and when you're with friends, you're likely to be the life of the party. You will get far in life simply because of your natural popularity and your aptness in human relations. The problem can be that you may rely too much on wit, cleverness, and quickness to replace serious application. Nonetheless, people follow you instinctively because you seem to know where you are going and how to get there. Your sense of balance and direction is often based on a whim of the moment rather than logic and forethought. But you are a good leader because you are so sure of yourself, and because you make people feel that you think they are great, too. You are especially shrewd in business matters in a more or less a wheeler-dealer sort of way. In this you can show a selfish side, as while you are such a social person, you never forget to look out for number one. Emotionally there is nothing very deep or profound about you. You know what you like and what you don't like, and it's hard for anyone to tie you down for very long. You need to be constantly in motion, physically and mentally.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces one of the most popular personalities in the zodiac. You have the cleverness that attracts friends and a stability that retains them. Both signs are sociable and outgoing, and there is something likable about your easygoing, cool headed intellect that people relate to automatically. Intellectually you are impressive, having practical wisdom to back your broad expansive plans. A natural conversationalist, you are loaded with interesting tidbits of information to share. It is surprising that you can have such a driving personality, able to move a mountain in record time under a highly social and charming cover. Your intelligence is unassuming and your driving force of your personality is not readily evident. This lack of pretentiousness makes it even more surprising when you reveal your accomplishment. Your judgment and business sense are inevitably sound and accurate. Your fluent mental ability is underscored by a determination to see any task through to its conclusion, a trait most Gemini fail to possess. Highly understanding of a broad cross section of people, you are rarely fooled or taken in. You are too smart for most people with whom you come into contest, but you won't hurt their feelings by letting them know they have a lot to learn. Your sense for sociability extends to all.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon produces what can be described as very high voltage electricity. Not steady smooth electricity, but rather static charges bouncing from one place to another, constantly active. This energy can be channeled, but not for long. No matter how hard you try, you're not apt to burn a hole of concentrative intensity through anything. You have tremendous mental capabilities, and the lack of willingness or ability to focus your interest and your direction, may be the only impeding factor in your life. You feel comfortable with your abilities whether they are with your hands or with your mind. Yet you can't feel comfortable by yourself and if you don't have someone to talk to and be with, you're high-strung temperament immediately takes over. You will fidget, worry, or do calisthenics until someone comes along to calm you down. You're an avid reader, but not an especially deep student. Always a great talker, you are glib, facile, witty, and clever. You have a great business or law head, since emotions don't usually play a role in your decision making and thinking.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign is beneficial to both, but often produces a somewhat high-strung emotional nature. Life is full of stimuli and fascinations, and the mind is always searching for experiences, romances, and revolutionary ideas to explore. You possess unusual emotional depth for a Gemini, and what your quick intellect doesn't pick up on, your emotions do. You have a greater ability to concentrate than others of your Sun sign. Keeping your mind focused is the key to controlling an ever present problem with nervous tension. If you can concentrate on some study or pursuit, putting your mind on it and leaving it there, problems with nerves seem to disappear. But when you dwell on personal issues and petty problems, you may find yourself becoming progressively more subject to tensions. You have a great need for peace, quiet, and stability in your life, and it is important that you establish these early in life. Unfortunately, domestic stability doesn't come easily or naturally for you, but it is important all the same. For all your problems with thinking and emotions, you always come out well. You are sure of yourself and confident of your analyzes. You know what is going on in the minds of men, and you have little difficult predicting their actions. Tricks and games people play seem crystal clear to you, and you have an intuitive sense of how to react.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign places you in a class of true "personality people." Your interests are so varied, your tastes so inclusive, your attitudes so tolerant, that you have a very broad appeal to many different people with whom you come in contact. An apparently happy-go-lucky nature conceals a core of sound good sense, just as the apparent fickle in your nature hides deep-seated loyalty and fidelity. You may be changeable in many ways, but when you settle to person or a course of action, you stay settled. Your mind turns from one subject to the next, from one relationship to another, but sooner or later the wavering and fluctuating stops, and you establish yourself. People have difficulty understanding you, not so much because you are complex, but merely because you are so hard to pin down. When your mind is made up to go after something, however, you don't hesitate. Your warmth and amiability make you the life of many parties. You are confident of the impression you make on people and you are a study of joviality and good nature. You can get along very well in life with your kind of personality. Even when people don't agree with what you say, they admire the way you say it. Oddly, a somewhat brooding spirit can invade your personality when things (especially romances) don't come together as you feel they should. Nonetheless, you are blessed with a good personality, a good level head, and more than your fair share of good luck.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign suggests that you are dominated and motivated by intellectual pursuits. The natural tendency of a Gemini Sun to have a bright outlook and a versatile nature, is shaded by the Virgo Moon. You may become carried away by trifles and petty worries. You are moody and temperamental, with a good deal of self-dramatization and a tendency to feel misunderstood and unappreciated. There is a degree of tension and a nervous energy in your makeup that can be an advantage or a disadvantage, depending on how it is used. You are very alert, and always think things through, even if you don't always see them through to completion. You may often jump from one project to another with lightning speed. Digging deeply into any subject is not your style. You can be critical of people, finding fault in their reasoning, and you are never shy about telling it the way it is. You are thought of as a "straight shooter" and your air of efficiency is impressive. Though your expression may be pointed, it is never vengeful in a heavy emotional way and you are never intentionally mean or unreasonable. You are sociable and entertaining, with a desert-dry sense of humor and wit. It may not seem so, but you are rather serious and if you can force yourself to stick to a job, you can accomplish much, especially if the project involves mental processes. Your mind is sharp as a tack, and you have the logic and facts to back your every move. Unfortunately, you may enjoy explaining your theories and plans more than executing them. Developing the ability to relax and be satisfied in the world as you find it will help you a great deal.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is ethereal, lighthearted, bright and totally enjoyable. You have a clever sense of humor and active wit. In a very charming way, you can persuade and cajole the people in your life to usually come around to your way of thinking. This placement is very favorable for having many very influential friends and a professional career of some sort. You don't, however, have much taste for really hard work, especially when this requires much concentration and sustained effort. You lead an active life in which you combine business and pleasure to good advantage. You are very independent and never like to feel beholden to anyone or any obligation. While you can force yourself to do about anything, no one else has much luck trying to stimulate your sense of duty or obligation. Life never seems dull to you because you stay so busy traveling (you love to travel), socializing, working and playing, as you please. Although you are somewhat high-strung, nothing keeps your moods in a depressed state for very long. Expressive, artistic, and able to communicate on many levels, you are a natural extrovert. You are such a good conversationalist that your stories sometimes become very detailed, complex, and long. Romantically, you may be somewhat fickle, and very demanding of complete justice in all your relationships.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces an intellectual quickness, and an emotional depth that makes you an exceptionally forceful, magnetic, and versatile person. You are especially quick and active, while being extremely receptive, and tuned in to other people. Surprisingly, these exceptional traits may not necessarily make you the leader that is implied. With all this strength, you are easily persuaded and influenced.  You're sometimes led astray or distracted from doing what you might be thought capable of doing. You're never opposed to taking a chance or getting out on a limb. Sensationalism is always appealing to you, and this is reflected in your actions, and perhaps in the friends you select, as well. You may expend a good deal of your energies chasing personal pleasures rather than keeping your nose to the grindstone. You can pursue any project with such great intensity, but never for any long periods of time. Overindulging and getting your finger into too many pies can result in problems if you aren't careful, and you are not one who is usually very careful. There is little you couldn't do if you could get your mental and emotional nature pulling together in the same constructive direction.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very uncontrollable personality charged with the desire for intellectual freedom, travel, adventure, and the quest for excitement. You are frank, honest, restless, never stop learning and growing. Your highly individualistic nature has you running in high gear nearly all the time. You are the type that knows a little bit about many things, and you're sure to have an opinion on almost any  subject that comes up. Oddly enough, though your knowledge is often rather superficial, your quick wit and gift for oratory makes you a debater to be reckoned with. Your honesty and frankness can lead you into difficulties at times; your mind works so quick that tact and diplomacy sometimes are forgotten in your instantaneous repartees.  Your witty personality, quickness of mind, and facility of thought will take you far.  This is perhaps one of the most independent combinations.  Deciding on your life's work and sticking to a plan may not be easy. You simply must have the freedom of mind, body and spirit.  Highly social and outgoing, your conversation skills are admired by all.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is worldly-wise and shrewd. Under the genial front of smiles and good humor lies a core of steel, strength of purpose, and ambition. You operate with a healthy respect for tradition, law, and authority, able to become a law unto yourself, and to others. You can meet any challenge, especially one requiring a cool head and objective reasoning ability. You are affable, social and generous, but no one can impose on you; your business judgment is amazingly sharp. Your keen wit allows you to talk people into agreement with your position before they know what has happened. Your manner is poised, charming and disarming, enabling you to succeed in the business world where you can sell yourself or close a deal with casual ease. People relax and let down their guard around you. Outgoing and extroverted, you seem to inspire confidence and usually come out a winner. Your mind is so well constructed that analysis and critical ability come naturally. You are fair and utterly honorable, but you never fail to bargain shrewdly. Nervousness and restlessness are well controlled, and you are likely to be intensely ambitious. There is a cool detachment about you that keeps you from opening up to people in a true sense. You are highly sensitive and likewise conscious of other people's sensitive points. You're more analytical than creative or original. Your sense of diplomacy is active and leads you to a policy of rarely antagonizing others to achieve your ends.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces the quick mind and broad scope of intelligence that may enable you to achieve public notoriety. Your mind can grasp details without missing the big picture. You seem to have the gift of foresight and insight, seeing both the fact and the potentialities. Your uncanny foresight or intuition allows you to be one of those people with the ability always to be looking ahead and anticipating the need for change and improvement. You are a true progressive. You can organize and express what you know in a clear and concise fashion. You are genuinely humanitarian, generous, and possess a desire to help others, so you can make an excellent teacher in whatever walk of life you choose. You seem to have a romantic outlook on life that can find, rather than create, beauty in your surroundings. Philosophical to an extreme, you are very understanding, tolerating, and accepting of others in a broad sense. So your circle of friends is probably extremely large and loyal. You are depressed by any sense of restriction or restraint the keeps you from doing your thing. Routine activities or affairs that confine you too much are impossible to tolerate. Your mind is agile and flexible, you seem able skillfully to handle either side of an argument with equal ease, and you often do. Enigmatic and interesting, you are always an entertaining person to be around.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign provides a high degree of what would be called a sixth sense that always helps you get along in the world. This blending is one of the most versatile and adaptable, but one in which frequent change and inconstancy can be a problem, at times. Learning the difficult lesson of concentration can be an early life challenge. You are highly receptive and sensitive to the intangible vibrations around you, and these will at least guide you along a path of survival. This receptivity of mind encourages assimilation of knowledge, making it possible for you to be well-informed on a variety of subjects, while not really becoming an expert on any of them. Sometimes you have trouble seeing things in true perspective because you are anything but a realist. Even when your senses are wrong, it's hard to convince you of the mistake. You have an illusory quality about you which keeps you somewhat remote from the world. Your goals and ambitions are never really high, but your creative and inventive abilities are considerable. You are happiest when in a harmonious environment where you can escape the various pressures and stresses of general business life, for which you are temperamentally unsuited. Your best talents center on the intellectual, literary, aesthetic or artistic, although your versatility may open up opportunities for you in any number of other areas. Your many talents notwithstanding, you may lack self-confidence. You try to justify the motives for all your actions, even when it's not necessary that you do so. You have an innate feeling that you are often misunderstood. You're very introspective, often holding fixed ideas about yourself that may be at complete variance with the facts. You have a quick perceptive mind when you aren't too busy daydreaming. You have an instinctive hospitable nature, and this nature has a good deal of sympathy and understanding for fellow humans.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs gives you a quick mind and a remarkable memory. You are a person with much self-respect and determination. Yet this never seems to make you at all self-centered or insensitive to others. In fact, you are very sensitive to everyone, and you live by the code "Do unto others as you would. . ." There is no great complexity about your emotions. They are just near the surface, and as a rule, do become easily aroused. If offended, you often reply with a quick and ever so intense emotional reaction. But there is not much depth to this temper, and you become quickly cooled and back to normal. Emotions are quick and changeable. Sometimes you say things before thinking that you later regret. This is unfortunate, because your intentions are usually sterling. Although you mean the best and you'll go into battles for your friends, you're not so good at respecting their ideas. You may dismiss such ideas and principles before really giving them any thought. You are anything but a naive person, and about the only way you can be fooled is by playing to your emotions. Your nature is a little on the suspicious side. You seem to succeed much more readily working in some humanistic profession or artistic endeavor, rather than in a business. People and ideas appeal more than money.
The combination of your Sun and your Moon sign produces a very accommodating and gracious personality. Though you have a core of determination and purpose, you come across as a very charming, sensitive and adaptable individual. You aren't one to take yourself too seriously, and you are always honest and considerate. Thus, it is to be expected that you have little difficulty being very popular and well-liked by most people. You seem able to handle people in a frank and straightforward manner, but always in a tactful and acceptable way. There is a modesty and unassuming way about you, and you're likewise impressed with other that display this trait; perhaps a little put off by those who don't. So you may share your inner feeling with few. Not necessarily being over secretive and isolated, but merely selective and careful in your relationships. Sincerity and loyalty are two traits that you seem to possess and likewise, you require these traits of those closest to you. You know what you want and you can be very objective by nature. In many ways you are introspective and seem to know yourself very well. You are impressionable, but have a good sense of balance and perspective; a well organized and controlled person. There is a strong material side to your nature and money may seem attracted to you naturally. You know how to accumulate wealth and make wise investments. Some born under this combination even become miserly, though the appreciation and enjoyment of the finer things in life usually will forestall this tendency.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a highly sensitive and intuitive personality. Flexibility and adaptability are your strengths and sometimes your weakness, as well. You are tuned in to your world and always eager to please. You are essentially a warm and feeling person, and little escapes your impressionable mind. You are a trusting sort, but after too many disappointments and discouraging experiences, you have a tendency to withdraw into yourself. You enjoy social events and really hate feeling that you have been left out of any group. You have a strong curiosity, and don't mind experimenting. Yet if things don't turn out well on your first effort, you are quick to give up and go back to tried ways. Sticking with an endeavor is not one of your strong points. Your feelings are easily hurt, and until you learn not to let it happen, you'll find yourself in a fuming turmoil most of the time. You're highly flexible and adaptable, but indecision may be a lifelong problem. Even if you don't let it show, internally, you're never very sure of yourself.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign, a double dose of Cancer, intensifies the natural traits of the sign and produces an added depth of feelings. You are an extremely emotional and timid person. There is an aloofness about your nature, as though you were waiting in the background for someone to make the first move to establish a relationship. Since most people are caught up in their own problems and often fail to understand this nature, you may feel that you are being ignored and snubbed. It's hard for you to come out of yourself and meet people halfway. It's not that you are self-centered, but you may give the impression that you are by not coming across positively. You are so self-protective and seem to have a shell that you crawl into periodically, or even permanently, as a defense against the intrusions of the world. You are touchy with a keen sense of injury and hurt at real or imagined offenses. You can be very suspicious of people and their motives that can make you unapproachable to many. It takes a long time for someone to win your confidence. Though you are extremely domestic and a very protective parent, you're not likely to marry early and your basic nature can make it hard to achieve a stable and concrete relationship. But when you finally put aside this self-protective shell, you are exceptionally warm and genial, a true old-fashioned romantic. You have a deep sense and sympathy and a need for the same. A clever diplomat, your style is to work around an issue, rarely becoming confrontational and direct.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a Cancer that is a good deal less shy and demure than is normally expected. In personality, you are positive and confident, emphasizing pride, dignity and self-respect. You appear open-hearted, amiable and outgoing. You always strive to make a good first impression because you are a proud person, and you care a good deal about what people think of you. You expect and enjoy having a broad base of support and respect from those whom you come in contact. Your security is knowing others like you and you seem to crave attention and respect. You attract this with your warm, sunny personality, but somehow you manage to keep most people at a distance and never get really close with very many individuals. You distrust people, but you tolerate their shortcomings and feel that you can control most individuals and circumstances. You meet unexpected situations and do the right thing at the right time. Your style is always neat and organized and you don't like to be around sloppy people or disorganized situations. You take yourself seriously, perhaps even to the degree of being a little pompous and self-righteous at times. You know how to get your way while making others feel that they are the winners, and that you are the one who is compromising. Under a rather gentle exterior is a core of independence and determination that others rarely see or realize.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign suggests a strengthening of the common traits between these two, such as conventionality, caution, and unpretentiousness. The blend focuses the emotional sensitivity of Cancer with the discrimination and practicality of Virgo. You appeal to people because you seem to have such solid control on matters; expressing the ability to reason out with particular emotional concern and caring. You try hard to appear sure of yourself, and manage your affairs with a cool, calm and practical head. You don't make decisions until you have had a chance to reflect on the situation and make certain you make the right choice. Early on you may have been especially shy and prudent in your behavior; seemingly unsure of yourself. Confidence increases as you mature because of an innate desire to absorb knowledge and master details of all sorts. You rationalize and analyze things very well. This talent notwithstanding, your snap judgments and hunches often miss the mark, especially when you are judging people. Yet when you give yourself time, you are especially skilled at sensing the needs of other people. You have a natural inclination to serving the needs of the public in some way. You handle authority well, because you respect principles, codes, laws and traditions.
The combination of your Cancer Sun and Libra Moon creates a curious blending of independence and dependence, an entwined network of contradictions. The Cancer side of you wants to withdraw and become emotional; the Libra reaches and can remain detached and analytical. There is a constant pull between sheer objectivity and intense emotionalism. You want, and in fact need, companionship. Nonetheless, it's hard for you to give much of yourself, being sensitive and a trifle introverted. You do seem to absorb other people with a charm that makes them readily respond to you. Socially, you are always a winner, but more so in a large gathering than in twosomes or small groups. In many ways, you are a romantic. You like to have people around you, and you like to receive your fair share of attention and notice for what you do. Yet you may have some difficulty responding in kind. There is a strong self-protective mechanism between you and others, and you seem to keep everyone at arms length with a certain suspicion and analytical cleverness. You have an innate ability to see all the strengths and flaws in those around you, and unless you find few or no weaknesses in a person, it will be very difficult for them to penetrate the barrier and get very close to you.
The combination of the Sun in Cancer and the Moon in Scorpio produces a forceful and temperamental personality. Your emotions are so near the surface that it takes more than the ordinary amount of understanding to reach you. You are intense and somewhat dramatic in your actions. Though not necessarily the life of the party, you do have a certain magnetic appeal and commanding demeanor. This draws people to you in the political, educational, or social arena of life. You are not so popular as you are impelling. When your feelings stay out of your way, there is no limit to what you can accomplish. But when the sensitive side of your nature does come into play, you can be equally destructive. You can show extremes of concentration on a purpose and a very dedicated devotion to duty. You are never the type to be unkind or mean. You have a deep sense of protectiveness, most for your family or for those friends to whom you are particularly close. You are not the idealist, but rather are attracted to the practical dollars and cents issues and personal worldly ambitions. The romantic side of your nature is ardent, demonstrative and lavish in affections, but apt to be extremely jealous if given a cause. Defensive behavior is strongly marked in your nature, and you seem to have your feelers out for threatening vibrations almost all the time.
The combination of the Sun in Cancer and Moon in Sagittarius blends the contradictory elements of caution, tenacity, and a need for security, with the much more outgoing Sagittarius tendency to be outgoing and independent. This pairing gives you a more sociable and progressive demeanor. You can relate to generalities and ideals, but on a more real and practical basis. You can inspire confidence in people. In your relations with others you demand absolute honesty. When you detect falsity and insincerity in your dealings with people, the sensitive and defensive side of your nature quickly appears. Petty jealousies and trite behavior repels you. You live more or less by your own set of rules, often trying to live up to some ideal or idol you have set up as a goal or inspiration. You are innately the philosopher in the way that you look at life and consider those around you. In many ways, you are a true "free spirit." While you are extremely polite and tactful, you seem to have no difficulty being firm and definite. Communication is frank, open, and no one has to wonder where you stand on an issue. Weakness or timidity is rarely a problem with this placement.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a good deal of ambition and determination in your personality. Yet this is well disguised in a mask of congeniality and understanding. The Cancer Sun is naturally understanding and affectionate, lessening the normal coldness of the Capricorn Moon. This lends good insight and a penetrating look at human nature. You are well equipped for a role in some type of public or official responsibility, and apt to gain recognition for your work in this regard. Prestige and status are likely to flow your way if you make any effort to achieve before the public. You have a reassuring way as you always seem willing to assume responsibilities, and work hard to reach goals. You expect things of value to require a good deal of effort. Unassuming and unpretentious, you are ever willing to tow your share of the load. You appreciate the value of a dollar, but you're not likely to spare cost when it comes to obtaining quality for your investment. A high degree of self-discipline allows you to save or even hoard money for that rainy day. You have a shrewdness that produces a genial and warm manner, but your purpose remains steely and determined. This nice blend of the personal and the sincere, with the calculating business core, allows you to accomplish much without hurting anyone's feelings. It permits you to muster and retain many friends along the way. You know how to drive a hard bargain with a smile on your face, and you have a keen sense for understanding people and instinctively sensing their motives.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces the kind of personality that can transmit an excellent understanding of yourself to others around you. You relate well to people and are likely to have the reputation for being one who is understanding and sympathetic. Yet you have a rather objective intellect that always seems to hold a large viewpoint. Your appeal may be to large groups of people more than to individuals as your aloofness and detachment draws people to you rather than drawing you toward others. You often appear preoccupied, as though you were caught up in many thoughts at the same time. You are critical of people, but always in a well-intentioned way. You have a good deal of pride and you're not one to bare your soul to those around you. There is little that is petty about you, and you have little time for pettiness in others. You have a way of achieving power over people, and you seem to spend little time or effort making friends. Nonetheless, you are well accepted for your general concern for people. With an aristocracy of bearing, you raise people to your level, rarely stooping to theirs.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a highly fluid nature with much emotional depth. You store a constant flow of impressions and your instincts and hunches are usually very accurate. Your polarity reveals that your personality blends harmoniously with your individuality, but also accentuates your emotional nature, making you mentally receptive and impressionable. You have a very peaceable and amenable personality, and is agreeable and rarely on the wrong side of an argument; agreeable, friendly and diplomatic. Not a fighter, you are so affable and pleasant that is sometimes hard to tell where you stand or how long you are going to stand there. This is not to say you don't have ideas, but you keep them to yourself rather than produce conflict and turmoil. Your practical or political sense is so clear and your ability to apply tact to most situations usually assure you success in most endeavors, but you may have to develop your self-confidence and be a little more willing to act on your hunches and highly accurate intuition. You're suspicious of others, and you may keep many secrets locked inside. In fact, you are self-protective, a bit defensive, and some would say too cautious, a good deal of the time; but because of this, very able to protect yourself from designing people. Never easy to fool, you have good business sense and the ability to drive a good bargain. You can be popular in a large broad way with groups of people, though in personal contacts you are likely to remain a little suspicious and overly careful.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces intense instincts and a strong personal drive. You may display exceptional courage because there is little that you are afraid of and few challenges you are hesitant to undertake. You throw yourself into every project with total commitment. You have a quick temper and you are easy to excite to action. You consider any setback or loss as a serious matter that must be responded to immediately and positively. When your honor is questioned, even in the slightest way, you are quick to respond defensively. Combativeness is almost overpowering in your nature. You attack every problem as though it was going to attack you. In personal relationships and the everyday world, you come across as an executive person. Dynamic and willing to pursue any possibility to further enhance your image and self-confidence, you go after what you want with enthusiasm and intensity. You may be rash and impulsive, but you're still willing to give about any idea a try. Never hesitant or shirking, you assume responsibility and meet obligations. You fear only someone who is your intellectual superior, as you don't consider yourself particularly brilliant. Few will ever notice any shortcoming here, as you always appear in complete control and superior to all situations. A quick common sense mind is your special gift. Fully developed, you'll easily remain in the drivers seat.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very strong personality for better or for worse. You have the capacity to see things in the large, with a good deal of practical idealism and a very fixed attitude. This can make you successful in business undertakings that require foresight and executive ability. No one ever has to wonder where you stand on an issue. Although you are prone to make errors in judgment, you are just as emphatic when you are wrong as when you are right. You can be stubborn and lacking in innate diplomacy. You can learn to hold your tongue, but it's difficult for you not to express you views with conviction. You are utterly honest, but capable of believing what it is that suits your purposes and supports your ideas. Making mountains out of mole hills and always refusing to compromise, can make life a bit difficult at times. Nonetheless, the combination is one that gets things done and usually does it very well. In all undertakings you have a good head for managing and controlling. Though never one to yield anything to an opponent, you are very loving and sharing with those close to you. For this you do require their complete devotion, eternal love, infinite admiration, and constant sympathy. You are an earnest and well-meaning person, but one who may need to try to become more detached and see yourself a bit more objectively.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs suggests that you are a person possessed with both action and ideas. This combination blends the vitality, personal warmth, generosity, authoritativeness of Leo, with the intelligence, cleverness, flexibility and adaptability of Gemini. Your personality is perpetually searching for ways to impress others via these action or achievements, and, especially by matters of the mind, or your ideas. Your mind is facile and intuitive, rather than profound or over serious. Your ability to make good impressions on people serves you well in your public life and in dealing with those within your sphere of influence. Your ideas, while not based on deep philosophy, are usually plausible, and always delivered with a manner of expression that is persuasive. You like to work with your mind, and you're rarely found working very hard for a living. You believe in easy money and seem to know how to get it without exerting great amounts of physical energy. Mentally, you would never be called lazy. At times you can become so mentally active that you would turn into a bundle of nerves. You never really stop trying to impress others with what you know, and you are a very interesting conversationalist. You are also very social and love to entertain, especially when your guests are interesting people who stimulate you mentally. Your glib analysis and sharp observations make you a favorite with such groups.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a well integrated personality as both bodies are placed in the signs with which they are naturally associated. The positive force of the Sun placed in Leo serves to offset any tendency toward moodiness and being too introspective, traits of the Cancer Moon, keeping you up most of the times. The Leo tendency to boast and grab the spotlight are well balanced and controlled by the modest reserve of the Moon. You have a natural warmth and sympathetic friendship, and people are attracted to you because you are such an understanding listener. You're not exactly a social butterfly, but you do enjoy good company and a good time. Friends never hesitate to confide in you because you are so dependable and trustworthy, and when there is some way you can be of help you always do. You know your worth so well that you take it for granted and don't waste time trying to impress others with it. You are realistic about life, always applying common sense to situations and striving to do the best you can do. Your feet are planted ever so solidly on the ground. Romance and love are very important to you and you'll never be very happy until you have found someone on whom you can lavish your affections. Soundness is the keynote of your nature, and everything you do seems to have a stamp of character, persistence, and the honest desire to maintain good will.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a forceful, ambitious, and concentrative personality; one bent on achieving a good deal of prestige and success in the world. On the surface, you appear jovial, sunny, full of vitality, and always expressing good spirits. Underneath, there may be a hard streak in your nature, a degree of ruthlessness that never forgets or forgives an injury or a slight to your pride or vanity. Somehow you can be jovial, sunny and friendly, yet remain so independent and authoritative, seeking the ultimate in leadership and prominence. There is something magnificent about your methods of fighting, whether for yourself or for others; a scorn of your enemies that enables you to demolish them ruthlessly, but without malice. A detached and impersonal quality marks your nature. You are not naturally introspective, and many of your actions are based on instinct rather than analyzed personal motive. You have a tremendous control over yourself, and in time, over others as well. You have a good deal of pride and vanity that can be satisfied with personal issues such as admiration, flattery, dress, and the like, or by the broader method of satisfied ambitions. There is a constant tendency to be excessive in a variety of ways. You are endowed with a very strong will, and this will can be used in either positive or in negative ways.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign pairs two very different influences. The warm, impetuous, and dynamic Leo and the cool, cautious, and introverted Virgo. The expression resulting features very strong opinions and emotions. You're critical and accurate in thought, but often too outspoken. Attention is vital to your happiness. You seem dependent on praise and the admiring attention you can command, even if it's nothing more that the sympathetic concern you can muster. Nonetheless, you are particular about friends and let relatively few close to you. You can be extremely stubborn and opinionated. To you there is your way and the wrong way. You have a rigid moral code to which you consistently hold, and you expect others to live up to these standards as well. Though there is an underlying timidity in your nature, and an always present need to please, for some reason your independence and a somewhat militant pride impels you frequently to do the wrong thing out of impish delight in watching the effect you cause. As you mature you can teach yourself tact, but it is not a natural trait. You do have a natural politeness and charm you can turn on at will. If you use this to your best advantage, you can be very successful in all that you attempt to do. You have an exacting nature and a pride that must always be carefully controlled.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very independent, idealistic and romantic person. You have a warmhearted, almost sentimental approach to life. You are highly honorable and have a sense of your integrity. Conventional and traditional, you have a tolerant and logical approach to life, and a healthy respect for public opinion. As straightforward as you are, there is much that you don't reveal about yourself in a first meeting. You are a bit elusive and hard to pin down. You may know what people want of you, but your method is usually to put a good bit of thought in your actions and not always commit yourself too soon. People have respect for your opinion because it is not the first one rendered and generally is well thought out and solidly founded. You are not one to go overboard or fall prey to any sort of extremes. Besides this capacity for clear, methodical thinking, you also may be blessed with a gift of creativity and imagination. Art and drama may appeal to you. There is much that is dramatic and appealing in your makeup. You can live almost independently, and the emotional depth necessary in relationships can be somewhat lacking in you at times. Complex emotionalism can cause you to retreat and become a bit aloof. You are an avid observer of human nature, but not one to want to get too deeply involved.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a vital and highly charged temperament. Passion and temper have to be controlled and directed for you to achieve the high potential offered by this placement, for it is a very dynamic and powerful combination indeed. There is a natural tendency for you to become very emotional and personally involved in problems or debates; it may be an understatement to say that your likes and dislikes are well-defined. Sometimes a bit of ranting and raging can result if you fail to keep a tight lid on your natural inclinations. Your success and happiness may depend on maintaining full control over your emotions and feelings, and directing your energies along constructive lines. A natural magnetism permits you to achieve a much success as a leader, but there is likely to be much more emotionalism than mental depth in your makeup. Yours is a very confident and positive nature, revealing considerable pride and self-regard. You don't seem to rely on logic, intuition, or reason, but instead you react on pure instinct. High in moral attitudes, you draw the line on others quickly, and too readily judge others on your stated standards, which you may not always live up to yourself. Everything is colored by your personal biases, and you have little capacity for objectivity or detachment. This is a very driving placement, bent on getting power and authority, and very capable of fulfilling these objectives. In business or executive affairs you are keenly alert to your interests, aggressive, vigilant and determined. You act on ideas quickly and without hesitation. You are determined and shrewd. You are essentially dramatic, with yourself being the main character occupying center stage.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a constant passion for travel, adventure, change, and excitement. You are continuously looking for another mountain to climb or stone to turn, and life seems a never ending chain of games to win and adventures to explore. The combination here blends the Leo vitality, authoritativeness, magnanimity and warmth, with Sagittarius honesty, directness, versatility, and sincerity, yielding a very optimistic and enthusiastic temperament. Yours is a restless, but always positive and alert mind. Your challenge is to keep the white hot flames of this dual Fire sign ablaze, and avoid the tendencies for energies to go up in smoke and be wasted with lively, but unproductive activities. You are more subject to burn out than most. By harnessing your fiery emotional nature to constructive purposes and setting goals for yourself, there is little that you cannot do. You charm people with your dash and enthusiasm. Your boundless energy and imaginative equipment assures you have the abilities to go far if you can only channel your efforts and remain true to your goals. It's hard for you to settle down to a job, to a relationship, to a solid base of operation, or to a truly focused purpose of any kind. Pettiness and triteness infuriate you, and subtlety is not your style. You may get into trouble by saying exactly what you feel, never mincing words or sparing feelings. While you remain mobile and independent you are happy, but when you begin to feel confined and harnessed, you can become very unhappy and dispirited.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign makes you highly purposeful. You have a strong sense of what you expect out of life. This configuration confers a good deal of mental ability and quickness. There is a hard inner core that may keep you from being as sociable as many with the Leo Sun sign. You're not the type of person that anyone ever walks over. Your reputation, and the impression you make on others, is vitally important to you. You make every effort to make a good impression by your appearance and your demeanor. In this regard, you usually maintain a cheerful, good-natured exterior that rarely exposes this inner core of hardness and resolve. You are not exactly secretive, but subtle in disclosing your plans and objectives, and you really have no desire to be understood too well. You may become very depressed at times, but you'll never admit you have any doubt about yourself or your abilities. Your public face rarely breaks away from your upbeat mask. You have a great respect for yourself, and you expect others to respect you, as well. Success, in your view, depends heavily on building up a sound reputation for integrity and reliability. You want to be known as a person who can be trusted and relied upon. You are materially ambitious, and back this up with steady purpose and great will power.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign is an interesting one, usually producing a very attractive personality to most people. Your combination blends the vitality, warmth, generosity, magnanimity, and pride of Leo, with the originality, ingenuity and friendliness of Aquarius. Whatever you undertake is usually met with popular support. You are highly social, likable, and extroverted. There is a natural desire to project your personality into public affairs or activities of a creative nature. You are very philosophical and inclined to mental expansion and creativity. You may not be as purposeful as you are idealistic and romantic. On the many subjects that attract your interest, you are sincere, but not deeply involved and committed. There is a tendency to skim the surface and drift from one idea to the next, never getting more than the most superficial understanding of anything. You don't like to get too involved because your interests are so varied, and so, you're reluctant to remain focused on one idea or one type of person for long. This romanticism and idealism seems to out distance ambition and commitment. You like knowing a little about many things and you get along well in life with this gift.
The combination of your Sun and Moon sign brings together influences of very different natures. The confident majesty of Leo and the more regressive, fluctuating and variable traits of Pisces blend to produce what is usually a very kind-hearted and likable personality. You are genuine in your attempt to make those you are close to happy and secure. Tuned in and very aware, you have the time and sympathy to listen and try to help those around you. Emotional and sentimental, your advise and counsel comes straight from the heart. It's really hard for you to remain cool and aloof. It's also hard for you to say no to almost any sincere request, a fact that can sometimes drain you physically and emotionally. Your makeup includes a good deal of intuition, and you know well your abilities, and try to live up to your high personal ideals. You are a very honest person and find it very hard ever to fool others. Fortunately, it may be equally hard for others to fool you, for yours is an exception understanding of human nature and motives. Outwardly, you can seem aggressive and forward, a bubbling and vigorous exterior, while inwardly, you are so sensitive and sentimental, perhaps brooding and philosophic. Subject to deep thoughts, and sometimes fits of depression, you need many true friends and companions to keep your spirits up. You are likely to be a very serious person with motives that are usually the highest.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces some degree of conflict in your nature because of vast differences between these signs. The common qualities are hardness and a true strength of purpose. Real emotions are not likely to be common to your nature. The variance of these to signs suggests a personality that is high-spirited, combative, and critical. Sociability is not second nature to you, and you seem to hold on to friends and lovers in spite of, not because of, the way you project yourself. You are demanding and exacting; always such a perfectionist. You have much less self-confidence than most perceive. You express yourself in a dynamic and executive way that makes you a strong, but probably not always the most popular manager. Mentally, you are both thoughtful and accurate, having piercing insights into people and situations. Being not at all disinclined to voice your dissatisfaction with others, many will view you as an exceptionally demanding leader. You may have difficulty seeing yourself objectively as a sense of detachment and the lack of emotional involvement retards self appraisal. You may express emotions when you feel this would serve your purpose, but sentimentality and gushy emotions are viewed by you as character weaknesses to be avoided. You are repelled by others that openly demonstrate such traits.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very solid, dependable and salt of the earth type personality. This is usually a materially fortunate position. Though you may have a natural tendency to worry, you may have little to worry about. You have a sharp mind and an affable personality that endows success with little difficulty. You are strongly rooted in security and appear to others to be a most stable type. Though nerves may sometimes flare up, when you are given time to think things through, they are easily brought back into control. You can get a little flighty, sometimes a bit extreme, even eccentric, or at least unconventional in your habits and general behavior. Ambition is not strongly marked in your nature because you never seem to need it as things just naturally seem to flow your way. You have the capacity to stick with any job until it is done and done right. Yet you may never be the one to initiate the big project, scheme or dream. You excel at overseeing and keeping the troops in line. You have a way with people because you don't "beat around the bush" and play games. Straightforward and constant, you manage with integrity and purpose. If you weren't born into a fortunate environment, you know how to create one. Common sense and a wise practical bent will lead to success in business and in personal relationships alike.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs makes mind power your greatest strength. Quick, brilliant reasoning is the hallmark of this configuration. You are rational, capable of figuring things out analytically, and of grasping details and intricacies. Because you are so inclined to live by reason, the emotional side of your nature is not nearly so responsive. It isn't that you're not sympathetic or emotional, but cold logic sometimes gives that appearance. You can detect underlying motives and feeling with ease, thanks to your careful perceptions. Your responses to what you have perceived may not be particularly emotional or sympathetic, as it is difficult for you to mix or integrate your logic and your feeling. You are a natural student with a thirst for knowledge, and you do almost equally well with definite, detailed work and abstract, philosophical thought. In a sense you may appear fickle and too changeable because of the variety of mental interests that appeal to you. Physically, you may have a tendency to "go to pot" if you don't make a special effort to keep in shape. You'll never be fat as nervous energy burns the necessary calories, but your muscle tone may deteriorate, and you may grow pale and wan from lack of exercise. In your youth, active sports were important to you, but as you mature there is too much of a tendency to become sedentary. You're inclined to take to a good book or to any number of hobbies that are passive in nature. Exercise is the best medicine for the enormous amounts of nervous energy associated with this configuration.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows a sensitive, but harmonious personality; one that can think and feel very deeply. The intelligence, analytical insight, and discrimination of Virgo, blends well with the emotional sensitivity of Cancer. You have a receptive temperament often deeply influenced by outside conditions or other people with whom you come in contact. Inwardly you are practical and discriminating, but outwardly you seem changeable. The combination of practical intelligence with feeling and a vivid imagination, can support success with relative ease. An intuitive insight into facts and details allows you to often "feel" the truth of an issue. Your have a good sense of values and find it easy to know what things are worth. Your intuitive knowledge of human psychology, and of the things people are interested in or will buy, supports progress and opportunity in business. Security means a good deal to you, and to some extent you can emphasize protective and defensive instincts in your affairs and activities. You form close attachments to those people who are near you, but you're ever shy around those you don't know so well. Reserved and perhaps even a little timid, you project a conservative attitude. You are attached to traditions, convention, and habit, with change being a concept that you accept slowly.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a very earnest, if contradictory personality. The pairing blends the intelligence, analytical insight and discrimination of Virgo, with the vitality, confidence and authoritativeness of Leo. There is much internal indecision in your nature, but the Virgo personality is sure to rule. You do what you should, instead of what you would. You are naturally conscientious, revealing great working capacity or devotion to duty. You have a very confident and positive personality, often proving assertive, sometimes aggressive. Your assertive impulses may cause you to spend some time worrying when you later take the time to reflect and analyze what you have said or done. You feel better when you can hold back until you have that inner confidence that the direction you're headed is correct. You're a person of very high character and strong principles. You rely on individual worth and expect others to recognize your sincerity, and they usually do. You have a practical individuality and a discriminating nature. Your strengths of character and high principles should help you attain your potentials in life.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows that you are strongly attracted and engaged with intellectual interests. Never much of a romantic, ou are nonetheless a steadfast and faithful friend and partner. With any permanent relationship, you must connect at the intellectual level. A very discriminating individual, this trait largely dictates your daily routine and associations. You are very finicky in your tastes in matters of the company you keep, how you dress, and how you live. Proper and conventional, you are never one to take big chances or color outside the lines. You aren't one inclined toward risktaking,  You are very secure in your practicality. Flightiness, insincerity, and frivolity, heavy emotions or half-thought-out ideas have no place in your life. Since you think matters through so carefully, you are not likely to be gullible or easily convinced. You are a very socially oriented person. You believe in preserving law and order.   and when issues need changing, you want the improvements to occur in an orderly and gradual way, according to the rules of the game. The revolutionary spirit is not strong in your nature. You are a peaceloving person, and fighting a arguing are not things you engage in very often. While you are one to hold rigidly to your well conceived ideas, you have no difficulty fully understanding and appreciating the ideas of others. At times, this makes a firm and decisive course of action hard to plan and execute. When a direction is decided, your creations are marked by care and precision and a flawlessness that is amazing. You are the perfectionist, always placing many demands on yourself.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is discriminating, intellectual, and peace-loving. This position blends the intelligence, analytical insight and discrimination of Virgo, with the emotional balance, courtesy and friendliness of Libra. You are friendly and know how to make a good impression, but you can remain detached and impersonal in relationships. You have a sense of restraint and diplomacy in your nature that prevents you from ever coming on very strong. You may not even voice your opinion unless you feel you really have something of value to offer. Mental stimulation and study keep your quiet and observant personality occupied and content. You enjoy companionship and in having a good time, but excesses and extremes are not your style. The critical aspect of Virgo is softened by the Libra Moon, creating a fine and precise balance. The elements of discrimination and criticism blend to make you very selective in associations, and contained or restrained in the saying or doing of anything that might hurt or offend others. Your reaction to coarseness is avoidance. While perhaps a lover of humanity in general, your tendency to examine individuals closely before you accept them in any social sense, leads others to view you as highly aloof and particular. You have a way of eluding the issue and being thought of hard to get to know. You practice a quiet and unassuming approach to life, having a live and let live creed. The social aspects of Libra make you inclined to enjoy friendships, but not the deep, intimate relationships associated with romance. You have an intellectual curiosity and love to experiment, to muse over what you have learned. Mental analysis and impartial judgment are the major strengths of this combination.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces one that looks and acts like an intellectual, but with an emotional nature that is truly the driving force. This is perhaps the most emotional of the quiet Virgo breed. The quick mind and common sense that is so notable in all with Virgo Sun, is charged with an intense rashness and impulsiveness common to Scorpio. Your ability to reason and rationalize is well developed, but you often seem almost incapable of believing what is foreign to your internal emotional bias. Thus, you become very partisan in whatever causes or ideas light you fire. These you may rationalize and try to give intellectual status, but you usually color judgments with intuition rather than logic. You are facile at thinking up reasons why your ideas are right and always persuasive at putting them across. At times you appear near genius, and at other times, way off base. You are often to be found among the theoretical and radical thinkers, able to prove nearly anything on paper with diagrams to show how it should work. Whether it really will or not in real life may be another thing. Your intellectual powers are strong, but you're often less than realistic. You have a certain zeal that makes it hard for you to remain still and listen to what others have to say, and you can be dominating in your approach to group endeavors. Underneath, you have a somewhat brooding personality that is forever probing, turning over stones and delving for ideas with which you can either feel affinity or enmity. In business you are likely to be successful and valuable to your employer because you do possess powerful leadership qualities. In this environment you seem to become more objective and less emotional. Nonetheless, learning to restrain the natural tendencies of this configuration will make life and relationships much easier.
The combination of your Sun in Virgo and Moon in Sagittarius in many respects produces a dreamer that thinks in large broad terms; a Virgo who consistently belies the nature of the sign. You are capable of doing things that you probably disapprove of, for the sake of adventure, romance, and excitement. The puritan nature, commonly the hallmark of Virgo, may have to look the other way while you accumulate a few experiences. You are definitely not a classic Virgo possessing a narrow and focused mind. Many of the thoughts that run though your head bear little connection to everyday life. You are surprisingly philosophic and somewhat introspective, but instead of looking inside yourself, you seem to hold preconceived notions of what you are or would like to be. You can be so idealistic at times that it will be hard for anyone to meet your expectations. You can spend a good part of your life just daydreaming, though you do possess a practical analytical nature allowing you to be a very creative person when you decide you want to be. Your challenge will always be to control your restlessness and concentrate on things that have true relevancy. You can be very dramatic in all your actions, and you likely have a good talent for acting. Your use of body language and gestures can clearly communicate. You must be especially careful in this sometimes, and be aware of a tendency toward bluntness in dealing with other people. Often they will take a tactless comment much more personally that you intended it. Human sensitivities are something that you will have some difficulty understanding.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a well-integrated personality with a fine mind, but one who is on the critical, rather than the creative side. The intelligence, analytical insight and discrimination of Virgo blends well with the realism, conservatism and deep ambition of Capricorn. You are your own source of strength, moral support, and ambition. There are few who can claim such self-sufficiency as can you. This is one of the most practical Sun/Moon combinations in the Zodiac, endowing you with splendid abilities, business shrewdness, a calculating and realistic mind, and the ability to place emphasis squarely on material values. Your healthy ambition wants wealth and power. Your ability to organize and systematize your knowledge of business facts assures success and sound enterprise. Your mind can exclude trivial issues and concentrate on the important matters. You are committed to personal integrity and people recognize this and trust you. A quiet determination and dedication to purpose describes your resolute demeanor as you uphold convention and follow routine. You are independent or you dislike the restraint or control of others. Public recognition or executive position means much to you, and you need a high objective on which to focus your energies for major accomplishments.
The combination of your Virgo Sun and Aquarius Moon produces one who, in part, is very earth bound and practical, while another part is somewhere above the horizon searching for truth, understanding, and knowledge. You strive to be aloof from the mundane elements of everyday life, as this is not a combination featuring much human emotion and passion. Periodic moods of emotionalism and romanticism notwithstanding, you're inclined to be cool and self-sufficient at heart. You can be insensitive in the way you handle people. You tell them what you think rather than what they want to hear, expecting them to be big enough to handle it; supreme objectivity, it might be called. You are a sympathetic person, but it's more because of your totally objective way of looking at things, rather than just a bleeding heart. You can use sympathy and understanding without letting your judgment get too clouded with emotion. In romance, the intellectual connection and perhaps romantic idealism, is more important to you than the emotional and physical side of love. You can become absorbed and occupied with an idea or a plan, a true mental explorer, dreaming, scheming and trying to satisfy an endless curiosity. You are a somewhat suspicious person, critical and judicial. Your mind may often be unconventional, but you are usually guided by a sound analytical and intuitive sense.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces insight, an understanding mind, a profound personality. You are both intellectual and intuitive, can reason things out by cold logic, learn facts, and absorb figures, while your hunches are actively at work. Born wise, you know a lot without being told. The combination blends the intelligence, analytical insight and discrimination of Virgo with the emotional sensitivity and intuitive understanding of Pisces. Born during a full Moon, you express a profundity of mind, studious inclination, and deep understanding that sets you apart from most people. Success in business or a profession is aided by a keen intellect and sound retentive memory. However, the strong blending of the intellectual and the intuitive may steer you toward more contemplative inclination of mind and away from the practical. Perhaps you are interested in the arts, music, or the metaphysical. You can easily balance practical interests and the theoretical. The vast differences in your individuality and your conditioned responses can cause a good deal of restlessness in your nature. Thought and feeling, logic and intuition, observation and impression, all are balanced well in this configuration. Understanding, but critical, you are highly respected for your ability to listen and advise with trustworthy discretion. While not being very ambitious and perhaps not the best executive, you are willing to shoulder a good deal of responsibility. You really don't want to be in the spotlight, yet you are very popular and people seem to just naturally rely on you.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality not easily tied down, fenced in, and one that doesn't like obligation, duty, or possessiveness. Routine, responsibility, and details depress you. You enjoy practical jokes and catching people off guard. Erratic and impulsive, you enjoy life most when it is exciting and full of surprises. This combination blends the emotional balance, courtesy and friendliness of Libra with the confidence, assertiveness and enthusiasm of Aries. Born under a full Moon, you are extroverted and open. You are likely to appear more assertive or forceful than you are, as despite personal impulsiveness you strive to maintain equilibrium and peace; but from time to time you cannot help displaying a devil may care attitude. You like to support the underdog and in many ways you are a true soldier for justice. Enthusiasm carries you along and your interest is maintained while your enthusiasm lasts, but you can be inconsistent at times and not finish what you start. You influence people with the intensity of your thinking and the positive emphasis of your personality. Self-sufficient and mentally independent, your ability to control your emotions and feelings increases your authority or influence over others. An innate refinement, courtesy, kindness, and need for justice in all things, definitely favors success.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a charming personality with plenty of independence and purpose. Personality is your greatest asset; with Venus ruling both the Sun and the Moon, personal charm and attractiveness become the keynote. A friendly personality and the ability to put your personality across makes people like you very much. The emotional balance, courtesy and friendliness of Libra blends well with the stability, firmness, determination, and set purpose of Taurus. You are naturally easygoing, even slow in getting started along lines of major activity, yet you possess ability for sound judgment that assures practical results. You'll look for shortcuts and efficient ways of doing things to avoid wasting energy. Despite looking for that easier way, you have a strong determination to get the job done. In business, your personality is a great asset as you know how to get along with people. You avoid doing the wrong thing since you have control over emotional impulses. The tactful handling of business contacts, associates and partners attracts opportunities for you. There is much sentiment or romanticism in your nature. Happiness may depend upon assuring firm or lasting romantic associations. Aesthetic inclinations are strongly marked, giving you deep interest in art or music. You appreciate the finer things in life and may succeed in a cultural direction. You have a good sense of balance or equilibrium, and possess a deep understanding of the major principles of life. Good judgment, with practical talent and patient effort, can carry your far. Your capacity for mental and emotional balance assures peace and success in life.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very airy and magnetic personality, voluble, expressive, talkative, with an ability to hold an audience. Dramatics are your specialty and you know how to get your point across with flair. This combination blends the emotional balance, courtesy and friendliness of Libra with the intellectual cleverness, flexibility and adaptability of Gemini. Success is gained through a wide array of intellectual interest and self-expression. You don't dive deeply into any subjects, but you have a sharp mind that penetrates quickly and accurate. You may work your mind overtime, but otherwise you don't believe much in hard work. You can be hard to pin down and draw out of the clouds. Glibness and social poise attach to this position. You don't like to take on responsibility and you don't work well under pressure. Restless and nervous, you need to be kept busy and occupied. You can see both sides of any question and at time you have some difficult making up your mind. You definitely belong to the intellectual group and you may feel that there should be no limit to the amount of education one obtains. You have a sense of balance or equilibrium, tending to keep affairs harmonious and pleasant.
The combination of your Libra Sun and Cancer Moon produces an idealist bent on finding romantic adventure. You are a deep feeling and understanding person. The emotional balance, courtesy and friendliness of Libra blends well with the depth of feeling, sensitivity and tenacity of Cancer. There often may be some confusion in your life because what you think and what you "feel" may be at odds. It's very difficult for you to decide what to do. Reality and unreality constantly battle for your attention. Very much the idealistic dreamer, you hold yourself somewhat removed from the rest of society. Yet you do like people. You want and need human contact, and you are so consonant that there is some danger people with take advantage of your malleable manner. You understand the feelings and moods of others, so you're very skilled at avoiding conflicts and clashes of temperament. This position personifies the ideals of any peace movement as you are a true lover of freedom, justice, equality, and independence. By nature so peaceful and tactful, you will avoid argument and strife if you possibly can. You are exceedingly adaptable, taking on the color of your surroundings. You mind your own business and don't impose on the rights of others. You aren't likely to become a fighter for social justice or the rights of the masses because you are not a very assertive person. Your philosophies are pretty much centered in yourself, a live and let live attitude. Refined tastes and a strong aesthetic sense encourage interest in the artistic things in life.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very romantic personality. You may make a career of love affairs and no matter how dull the rest of your life may be, matters of the heart will never be routine or boring for you. While you are refined, devoted, and discreet, a wild love affair is well within your capacity. Your ideals are your guiding stars, and you stick with them no matter what. You go after an ideal with the greatest of enthusiasm and dedication. You seem to have a tendency toward extreme excesses in much that you do. There's a streak of pride in your nature that restricts you from ever stepping below your natural position or station in life. In certain ways this combination can result in a passive nature as far as ambitions are concerned. In your career or professional life you seem held in low gear by a force working like the law of inertia. Both Libra and Leo are signs of pleasantry, love of luxury, and sociability. These traits lessen motivation and to increase complacency. You like and enjoy people, and when someone crosses you or takes advantage of you, you're a little bewildered.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is very self-sufficient, analytical, and critical. You reason things out and are not likely to be swept off your feet by anything emotional that doesn't fit your needs. There is little that escapes your perceptive and meticulous attention. You seem to have absolutely no reluctance to get things off your chest, and at times you can be a little vocal in expressing your views. You seem reasonable in arguments, but usually you merely do exactly what you want, no matter what is decided in the discussion. When you do get really upset, which is not very often, you never hold a grudge. Things are always very cut and dried to you, and it's hard for you to understand how anyone could rationally see things differently than you do. It's so easy for you to be objective since emotions have little impact on any of your decisions. Because you do have a very significant sympathetic side can make you seem more warmhearted than you really are. You're a good listener when someone has problems to unload, but your counsel may lack the human touch and you oversimplify your resolution of the problem. You're always ready for a good time or a social gathering. You have an attachment to old friends, but not much emotional attachment to past events. You're not very emotional about anything. Most or your assessments and pronouncements have a "matter of fact" tone to them. 
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a highly romantic personality and a somewhat mystic faith in other people. You are perhaps a bit gullible and easily influenced because of a tendency to be too trusting. You thrive on love, attention, and dreams, and often you seem to live in a dream world. You are an optimist that refuses to look on the dark side of any issue. This combination shows a very harmonious nature, rarely holding to any extreme position. You are naturally very refined, highly artistic, intuitive and peaceful. Slow to make decisions, you like to justify things in your mind before you commit yourself to others. You like to get balance and harmony in all things. Your strength lies in an ability to make adjustments or to compromise. You can easily see the other persons view of an issue and make an impartial judgment. Inconstancy and vacillation is something you may have to deal with, and you should try to establish and hold to goals and objectives in your life or business endeavors. You are a very friendly person, and you can get far in life with an attitude that is ever polite and amiable. Your good taste and sense for the artistic also will take you far in many fields in which these traits are important. Your natural impulses and feelings about things keep you on the right track, and you instinctively say and do the right things. With these attributes, it not necessary for you to be too active or to aggressive, and you aren't.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign denotes a nature that is independent of mind and action, thought and expression. You are both mentally quick and penetrating, with an absorbing curiosity. Thus, you are a ready student, precocious, and wanting to make rapid strides in the world. Your superb logic and analytical abilities are wrapped in a wave of emotionalism. You have a detective approach to things. Sneaking up on a question, figuring out what it is you want to achieve, and pouncing on it with full force. This is not a vague and undecided Libra. There is spice in your nature, excess and extremes in your actions. You have a strong sense of justice, and you can fly off the handle when you feel you have been treated unfairly. On the surface you can seem docile and amiable, but underneath you'll fight at the drop of a hat. You are a born idealist and rebel, a radical, always on the side of change, progress and novelty. You are an enthusiast in all matters, and have little time for people that pussy foot around and seem to lack conviction. Your interests are broad and sweeping...ideas, philosophies, the arts. So you're inclined more to the professions or the artistic, instead of a business career.
The combination of the Sun and the Moon in your chart forms a nature that is aspiring and expansive. You are highly adventurous and apt to move about and seek a variety of experiences. You are open and accepting of others, and to you, people are people. No one is more openhearted and unbiased than you. You have a positive spirit and the feeling that your ideals are workable, and you hold to them until they are absolutely proved not to be. This extends to very much to people as you believe that everyone is essentially good, that good will triumph over evil, that dogs can live with cats, and so on. You expect happy endings as you're an incurable optimist. You are outgoing and eager to meet people, but often you give them the sense that you haven't much time for them. There is little that is stable or secure about you, and you seem so much on the go that roots are never sunk deeply in anyone or even in any social issue. You achieve success through charm and positive efforts, but being abstract in your thinking, you become visionary and impractical in business and personal affairs.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a basic makeup that possesses a good deal of self-esteem. Recognition and admiration are very important to you, and you are willing to work hard to achieve your just rewards in this regard. The tendencies of these two signs are contradictory to one another as Libra is outgoing and unrestrained, while Capricorn, the great taskmaster, is restrictive and shows a good deal of seriousness. When the two are combined, there is a lesser tendency to direct oneself outwardly and a greater inclination toward self-discipline. For one born under the placid sign of Libra, you may seem hard, cold, and a bit like a machine; less than typical of the Libra social animal. Even when you reflect your natural genial nature, there is a core of strength lying beneath the surface, producing a very warm and reliable personality. You come across well, though not particularly extroverted. Capricorn seems to give Libra a high degree of drive, purpose, and a more reliable direction. Common sense and good judgment make you well suited for a serious approach to business and commerce. You know how to maneuver people, not in a malicious way, but nonetheless in a fashion allowing you to achieve your purposes. Accordingly, you make an excellent manager. Committed neither to materialism or humanitarianism, your drive is more likely directed to status and a shining reputation.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is a delight in any social circle. You have much to offer because you are so extroverted and outgoing. Not a particularly deep person, you are sought out and popular for your sympathy and warm, yet detached, understanding. Never one to get really deeply involved with other people and their problems, you are, nonetheless, unselfish and don't dwell on personal matters either. This combination blends the emotional balance, courtesy, and friendliness of Libra with a healthy portion of originality, ingenuity, and independence brought from Aquarius. You have splendid foresight, natural refinement, and an inspirational outlook; a happy and optimistic personality. High ideals and good taste in all things enable you to develop a very fine type of mentality, with a strong and broad social sense. Yours is a great ability to judge human character and a keen insight into human nature. You are alert to original or ingenious ideas and can use these to considerable advantage in your work, profession, or business. Sociability, as an important aspect of your nature, can aid in your advancement and opportunity in life. This is never a superficial sociability; you are sincere and open in your approach to other people, revealing kindliness of heart and genuine interest in others. You possess strong and sincere urges to be of service to others. You also possess a good aesthetic sense, and a possible flair for creative expression. Keen intellect, with a strong sense of proportion or balance, assures that you will be successful in life. Your sincere friendliness and sociability encourage willingness to serve the public and to deal in a friendly and pleasant way, even with strangers.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality with much breadth and scope. In your quiet, pensive way, you are always watching, staring, observing, and mulling over in your mind what you have seen. You are extremely sensitive, and there is much more to you than ever really meets the eye. Pisces is highly receptive and deep. You are quite timid for social Libra, and most will consider you one who stands off and is aloof or distant. As suggested, the Libra influence pulls against this tendency because it is the most sociable of signs. These contradictory pulls in your nature make you very difficult for others to understand. Reserve and shyness seem your main strengths. You are not a social hermit only because a core of strength within you that urges you to become involved in life instead of sitting on the sidelines. In group situations, unlike many Libra types, you don't overwhelm others with your polite charm and outgoing personality. Instead you express a quiet, reserved manner that seems to take no effort on your part no matter how much activity is going on around you. You have a genuine concern for others and you can convey this to them. You are a superb listener. You are an idea person, but not necessarily an idealist. You get along with moderate effort, relying on your good sense. Perhaps a sixth sense helps you in many of your endeavors as you can grasp abstractions and intricacies, both mentally and emotionally. You are good at guesses and always a good detective.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a realist with little interest in generalizations or abstractions. Your focus is definite and highly personal. Ambition is strongly marked in your nature. You have little feeling for right, wrong, justice, philosophy, or other intangibles unless they touch you, or someone you are interested in, personality. You are extremely independent and highly impulsive. You know that you are personally a strong person, and you have little compassion or concern for those who are not. An understanding nature is not your special gift. A shrewd and hard-headed demeanor is more likely to describe your individuality. Your effervescent personality and good sense may keep you from clashing too often with associates and friends, but you are never one to run away from a fight, and when aroused, you are capable of voluble and forceful resentments. You are mentally quick, clever, and highly protective. An accurate critical mind can handle hard work and long scientific analysis. You are ardent and passionate in your relationships, but you're not an easy person with whom to share a relationship. You are demanding and exacting of others, but not necessarily willing to be imposed upon in return. Though your temperament is rash and forceful, you are admired by others for strong definite opinions that you never hesitate to put into practice. You are a fighter that attacks problems directly with little concern for tact and diplomacy. Nonetheless, you are the one people will call on when they want to get a difficult job done, as you will let little or nothing stand in the way of reaching your goals.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a nature that is solid and down-to-earth, with a great deal of strength, intensity and concentrative power. Your mind is occupied with the realities and facts of the here and now, with little interest or concern for ideals or the philosophical. Your thoughts, emotions, plans and aims are all on the wide and sweeping scale. You think and act in the grand manner. You attract and control people with the strength of your personality, but you are tactful and considerate of others in a general sense, although your goals are usually clear. This combination blends the emotional force, power of will and determination of Scorpio with the stability and practicality of Taurus. There is a great deal of determination and intensity of purpose, perhaps showing a relentless aspect to your personality. You cling to habits and routines with great tenacity, rarely being swayed from your point of view. Though it is difficult, you should attempt to develop a degree of flexibility and versatility, and the ability to relax. A constant struggle for accomplishment often causes problems with tension.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a highly versatile and clever personality. You have a flair for people that makes you very popular. You have a keen, if sometimes sarcastic, sense of humor. Sometimes you can sound a bit cynical in expression or be too clever. Your mental capabilities are very significant, as you have the ability to reason on your sensations. You are an exceptionally quick and retentive learner. The depth of Scorpio's intensity and tendency to dig to the bottom of every issue, is challenged by the Gemini desire to always be into something new and different, and this factor seems to generate a great deal of nervous energy or hyperactivity. Thus, you seem to always be engaged in a flurry of activity, constantly moving from one project to the next. You obtain more satisfaction from addressing a wide variety of problems at the same time rather than concentrating your efforts on getting a single project finished right. You thrive on change and you are rarely content or satisfied with current ideas or opinions. In contrast with the inherently fixed, stable and determined character normally found in Scorpio, you are much more flexible and changeable in your mental outlook. There are periods when you are wavering and indecisive, because of your ability to see both sides of a question. You are clever and quick with words and you may achieve success in fields that take advantage of your critical or analytical and investigative skills. Success is not, however, all important to you, as you want to more or less just slide through life with an attitude of indifference and nonchalance. Nonetheless, brains and personality will usually go far even when the attitude in completely determined.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces feelings that are deep and emotionally supercharged. The combination blends the emotional aggressiveness or intensity of feeling and determination of Scorpio, with the emotional sensitivity, tenacity of feeling and possessiveness of Cancer. You are proud and aloof, tending to rely on yourself more than you rely on others, but it is hard for you to say no and stick with no when you are approached with an emotional appeal. Not necessarily an outgoing personality, you don't go out of your way for others, expecting friends to come to you instead. By nature you are somewhat demanding, even harsh, but with an intuitive understanding of the world and of people. You can be reached by those emotional appeals far more easily than by logic or good sense. You are a magnetic individual, with a tremendous amount of self-confidence. Your emotions are very powerful, your intuitions keen, and you have a great respect for your hunches. You are suspicious, shrewd, defensive, and in affairs of heart, very sensitive and jealous. The danger of this combination is that you are too receptive, too impressionable, or too easily influenced through your feeling and sensations. There is never anything wishy-washy about your attitudes and opinions and you cling tenaciously to your ideals, loves, hates, and dreams. You are strongly opinionated and capable of defending your position by argument, although logic may not be one of your weapons in this war. Your arguments twist and turn, frustrating an opponent who would attack your position with pure reason.
Your Sun in Scorpio and Moon in Leo creates a strong, positive personality, with fixed opinions and fixed emotions. If you don't let your intense emotions completely take over, you will become a person of considerable influence and importance within your circle. The blend combines the emotional force, power of will and determination of Scorpio, with the pride, dignity and authoritativeness of Leo. Certainly the two will naturally produce a very strong character and a personality that is full of personal confidence, persistence, determination and courage. Your weakness may be that your feelings and passions are a little too strong, requiring rigid control at all times. You have a complex set of ideals that you strive for, and you're a very passionate person in many ways. You have a rather idealistic view of love and romance, and in fact, most of your other interpersonal relationships. You are a bit harsh on your partner, or just about anyone else, when they show weakness or human frailties. Integrity and character are all important; you expect a great deal in this regard from everyone to whom you are close, and especially from yourself. You have a great deal of pride and consequently a strong ambition for high and authoritative position in life. You have a keen ability to analyze which can help you in may different businesses or professions. Your enthusiasm, spirit and flare for showmanship permit you to succeed at just about whatever it is you choose to do.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign blends the emotional forces, powers of will and determination that are native to Scorpio, with the intellectuality, discrimination, and critical analysis of Virgo. This produces keen mental insights and a penetrating awareness of things around you; this includes many conditions that other people usually miss. The scientific method assuring objectivity and detachment is your way. You know how to concentrate mental energies on research or investigation. You need to be careful not to become too absorbed in detail for you are are a person who can sometimes miss the big picture because you are too involved with a piece of the puzzle. You are also prone to be too critical of those with whom you come in contact, and you especially need to be tolerant with friends and loved ones. You may have few really close friends, but people do appreciate the fact that you are always willing to listen attentively and provide wise advice, though it may not be especially deep and sympathetic; you are not one to provide a shoulder to cry on. Avoid setting too high of standards for others to live up to. Sometimes, there may be a need to apply your talent for critical analysis to yourself, in analyzing your own scope for advancement and success. By knowing yourself better, you can assure success in the many businesses and professions that require employment of the scientific methods, persistence, and attention to detail.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a socially warm, enthusiastic personality, with a good deal of charisma and poise. The great intensity of Scorpio, producing an abundance of energy and vitality, is socialized by the amiable and breezy Libra. The blend marries the emotional forces, determination and will of Scorpio to the perceptiveness, mental equilibrium and friendliness of Libra. You are a likable and charming person who is certainly able to capture the hearts and minds of men, by being eager to please and ready to help. There is a degree of vanity in your nature giving you a strong sense of exactly how things should look. You insist on balance and harmony in your environment, and this definitely extends to your personal dress and appearance. Your surroundings must be up to the standard that you consider acceptable, and your friends must, likewise, live up to your rather lofty standards, preferably living on the "right side of the tracks," as well. A suspicious nature, absent in your youth, develops a you mature. As this occurs, you become less direct, and more discriminating. Your judgment in maturity contains an extraordinarily high degree of good taste and idealism. Your self-confidence amounts almost to pride, but rarely becomes offensive. You know how to put everyone at ease and make an incomparable host/hostess. Your circle of friends is wide and diverse. In romantic relationships you are keenly "tuned-in" to the other, and you are tolerant of their wishes and always sensitive to their needs.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows a terrific creative force in your nature. This is a very hard placement to predict because you can be so executive and commanding at times, and at other times your riotous emotions and sensational tendencies take over. The pits or the heights, with little in between, is the way that your life seems to go. Emotions are normally the cause of these enormous changes in mood. Nothing you do is ever half-hearted. You are very emotional, but people may not realize this because of you natural ability to conceal or hide your feelings. You can be very impulsive or quick on the trigger, and you do best when you keep your impulses under direct and conscious mental control. You have such intensity that you generally get what you want by shear determination and persistence, not to mention a huge capacity for hard work. You are a real whiz in an emergency; forceful and in complete control. You have a powerful sex nature that would try to control a partner utterly, and you may have a bitter determination to do just that. It requires a strong degree of self-discipline for you not to dominate all those with whom you come into contact, for the cooperative spirit is not strong, and the will-to-power in personal matters is great. You have a sort of rule or ruin attitude that makes you a very formidable opponent. When your devotion is fixed, you are capable of the extremes of loyalty. But it takes a very strong and tactful person to arrive at this position, and even then it takes a good deal of flattery. Your vanity is great, and you need to be made to feel you rule the roost. In one way or another you usually do. Relationships are hard for you because you will naturally fight with people that are strong and have pride themselves, but you hold those not measuring up to such a standard in complete disdain. You have no time for weak individuals. For this you live a somewhat lonely life, and in many respects, you are a very private person.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is assertive and expressive. The emotional force, determination and will power of Scorpio becomes somewhat explosive when combined with the directness of manner and utter honesty of Sagittarius. You are idealistic, with a viewpoint that is aloof, and you live in a philosophic world of your own. You are social-minded and eager to help others, though you are apt to find it hard to ever get started. You are affectionate, loyal and sincere, almost to a fault. You can do well in some idealistic sort of job such as medicine, religion, or public service. You may be too idealistic for business and too critical of anything that you feel smacks of shrewdness. You are not one to compromise your ethics for money or status gains. There is a great deal of enthusiasm or spirit in your nature, but success may be difficult until you have learned to control impulses that often result in outbursts of temperament, brusqueness of manner, or tactless assertions. You react too quickly, without due consideration and forethought. As you mature, you must study the effects of your words on others, particularly on sensitive people, and avoid attracting antagonism and misunderstandings. After harnessing your powerful emotional energies, your high principles and sense of honor can take you far indeed.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign shows honor, integrity and authority as very important to you. You are not concerned with your popularity as long as you are true to your high principles and honesty with yourself. This combination blends the emotional force, determination, and will power of Scorpio, with the ambition, shrewdness, realism, and practicability of Capricorn. You have a prudent attitude of mind that features patience, perseverance, endurance and determination. Business strategy and the details of management organization come naturally to you. A natural sense of caution and reticence marks your professional personality, and you use tact and calculating shrewdness in handling other people and in achieving your long-range goals. Ambition is very strong in your nature, as is the urge for recognition and high office. Steadfast in your opinions, you are slow to change, and you uphold tested and established procedures. Control, management and organization are your strengths. Your reputation for sound, trustworthy handling of affairs is rarely equaled. You have considerable powers of self-control or deep inward firmness of nature. Yet, circumstances can alter your control and ability to mask your feelings, perhaps stimulating impulsive and aggressive action when you feel the need to force issues. You have a keen understanding of psychology, particularly in matters of group action, control, management and decision. You feel things deeply but manage to exercise personal control, and your feelings and emotions help serve personal interests and ambitions.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign may create a rather quiet exterior, but inwardly there is a great deal of mental pressure and a constant flow of undercurrents. You often seem to be absorbed in another sphere of existence and above being actively involved in mundane activities surrounding you. This combination blends the emotional force, determination and will power of Scorpio, with the originality, ingenuity and friendliness of Aquarius. You have a strong will and deeply fixed attitudes and ideas. Keen judgment of human nature and the ability to sense the motives of others gives you a very good knack for handling people. But you can be a tough boss, for once you lose respect for someone's ability to think and reason, you have little use for them in any way. Never showing this outwardly, you can always be polite and civil, while feeling nothing but scorn and disgust. You don't believe in discriminating against anyone, so you hide the intolerance you can not help but feel. You have a need for adulation, but unless you feel that you deserve it, you resent people that flatter and compliment you. You have the ability to influence people and as you progress up the ladder, you are apt to become surrounded by "yes men", for whom you can hold no respect. Shallowness or superficiality completely throw you off. You have a profound mind that is broad and tolerant (at least in theory), and quite creative. Pride is strongly marked in your nature, and you set great store by intellectual and artistic accomplishment. There is a depth to your nature and your emotions that few can understand. You're outstanding at observation, at analysis, at imagining and creating.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a person with terrific intuition and sense that ordinary people simply don't have. You are overly dramatic and frequently exaggerate problems. You are, likewise, able to capture the drama of your surroundings as well as the imagination of the public. Yours is an emotional profundity that lends a great deal of inspiration to your personality. You attack any problem with unswerving enthusiasm and devotion, always giving more that just a part of yourself to your causes or ideals. Here there is a blend of the emotional force, determination and will power of Scorpio with the sensitivity, impressionability and intuitive insight of Pisces. This produces a strongly emotional and somewhat psychic or receptive and impressionable nature. A studious and intellectual bend permits you to succeed, especially in literary or artistic endeavors. You are very creative, but your success may be more from a willingness to apply yourself than from pure talent. On the down side, you are anxious and worry too much. Positive thinking is essential for you to attain personal balance and peace of mind. There are unexpected depths in your nature and you succeed by concentrating your energies on definite objectives, avoiding the tendency to dispense emotional energies and intellectual power in overemphasis on romance, daydreaming or negative apprehensions or worries.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces the ultimate in energy and pioneering spirit. You are apt to work hard for the common good so long as it advances your own personal ambitions and satisfies your desire to be in the forefront of the action. You are defiant and extremely self-confident. You are sure of your manner and consequently, you handle people with the greatest of natural ease. You love to assume responsibility and you'll move in and take over wherever you can. This placement blends the sincerity, directness of manner, expressiveness and versatility of Sagittarius with the assertiveness, personal ambition and enthusiastic spirit of Aries. Excitement, adventure, advancement are what you want. Sometimes your aggressive temperament can get in your way. Restless, impulsive or precipitant in action, you can benefit in overcoming excitability and the decisions made to quickly. You need to be more deliberate and avoid being in too much of a hurry which can lead to carelessness at times. Test ideas and plans before putting them into action. You have strong ideals and high principles with intense convictions. You are flexible in your thinking and you're capable of changing your mind with just as much speed as you made it up in the beginning. You are a leader and things move rapidly when you are in charge. A natural executive, you are never afraid to make a decision. Moderation is the key to your success.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a rather warm, genial, and romantic individual. You are very idealistic. Almost to the extent that your ideology absorbs practical purposes. You are aspiring rather than ambitious, and you generally look for idealistic rather than realistic satisfactions in life. You never seem to be particularly concerned about everyday matters, such a making a living, working under the assumption that your needs will somehow be provided for, and usually they are. You really have too much faith in people. Most of time people do respond to you as you had hoped and expected they would. When they don't, however, you really let it get under your skin and bog you down. You have so many dreams and illusions, but you really let it get you down when people are ugly or unkind, and the harsh realities of your environment start to close in on you. You can't seem to handle criticism or put downs well. Your highly romantic nature is ardent, impulsive, loyal and devoted.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is by no means shy, timid or backward. You will step to the front when the call for leadership is made. You are a very adventurous person, both physically and mentally, never satisfied to stand still in either sense. Because you are naturally lucky in a financial way, you are never really very concerned about security. You know how to sell yourself and achieve a good deal of popular prestige. You are apt to see a lot of life before you eventually decide to settle down. Variety, travel, changes, mental stimulation, and a wide range of personalities around you are all needed to busy your extremely restless nature. Stability is your challenge; staying with a project, a cause, or even a person sometimes, can be a really hard task for you. Concentrating your efforts in one focused direction can be your weakness. Nonetheless, your broad range of interests and your enthusiasm will allow you to continue to be effective in working on a lot of things and making continuous progress on all of them. Pettiness is something you have difficulty understanding and of which are never guilty. Everything you do is above board and rendered in a grand fashion. You rarely exercise caution or care, never one to shy away from taking a risk, so long as there is a reasonable chance things will work out. You want to get to the top and you very well may, guided by a mixture of idealism, faith in yourself, and cool, practical good sense. Yours is a high spirit and a good grasp of reality.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign yields a personality that is idealistic and very much the romanticist. You are a dreamer and a visionary. This versatile and sensitive combination blends the sincerity, optimism, enthusiasm and expressiveness of Sagittarius with the emotional depth, feeling and intuitive insight of Cancer. A desire to learn, with practical ability, suggests a flexible, versatile or adaptable expression of talent. An intuitive foresight guides you and may keep you out of trouble in everyday affairs. An emotional awareness enables you to understand people, and know what it is they want. In business, you can actually sense the public trend or interests. An optimistic and enthusiastic nature vitalizes your feelings and emotions, and stimulates your actions. Because of your emotional nature you are prone to extremes. Control your excitement and enthusiasm. Don't let emotions distort reason as they are apt to do. You can be somewhat impulsive in expression of your feelings or sympathies, and consequently, your choice of friends is sometimes based on how you feel rather what you know about an individual. You do better when you are more careful and chose friends from those who have proved to be reliable, honest and intelligent. Because of the nature of your Sun and Moon polarity, it is likely that emotional extremes or a tendency toward sensationalism can be a problem for you. You may often attempt to reach too high or strive for too much recognition. You succeed most easily when you combine your intuitive skills and develop a habit of steady concentration.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very warm-hearted, honest, and open personality. The pairing blends the personal dash, optimism, enthusiasm and directness of Sagittarius, with the warmth, generosity, pride, and authoritativeness of Leo. You have a love of mankind and a code that combines good judgment with a very tolerant attitude. This combination is very dedicated; dedicated to honor, prestige, and achieving stature in the world. And to attain you goals, you are not one to take shortcuts; not one to lie, to cheat, or to do anything underhanded in order to gain an advantage. Honor is all important and your word is an unbreakable bond. The fiery combination of these two signs doesn't need any unfair advantages to succeed because there is more than enough energy and enthusiasm to get where you want to be. You'll keep pursuing your goals long after others have thrown in the towel. When you go after something, you go after it tooth and nail. Any obstacle you face is considered only a temporary problem and little gets you down for long. This is a very positive combination, quite indicative of happiness and success. If you can avoid scattering your energies, you can move mountains. You are naturally inclined toward public service, either in law, education, or government. The prestige of the position being more important than the salary. This is a high-minded combination, full of ideas and ideals. You may have problems dealing with the small people of the world that refuse to grow and progress. You are intellectually philosophic, broad-minded, and highly creative. Your creativity is in the ability to form an image in your mind and then bring to reality that clear picture you envisioned. You take life seriously, with a keen sense of the importance of making the most of it. Unless something is really messed up in your chart, you are truly a super person.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a good deal of intellectual power, and with it, the ability to bring generalizations down to details and specific plans. This position blends the personal dash, optimism, enthusiasm and directness of manner of Sagittarius, with the intelligence, analytical insight and discrimination of Virgo. Consequently, this combination produces a lot of achievers and outstanding people. You have an excellent mind, capable of handling broad concepts and minute details with equal ability. Your well-developed mental powers permit you to move from broad concepts down to technical details assuring versatility and adaptability in business or in a profession. Realism tinged with a critical analysis, romanticism without being too impractical, these are your gifts. You see clearly without the help of rose-colored glasses, and you relate what you see and know with honesty and and a well-defined authority. No one has to guess where you stand on any issue. Thinkers that dwell on issues that are philosophically practical are always in demand. You can be pushy, but not to the extent that you offend. Rather, your manner can be described as diplomatic and charming, but still there is the authority of a director or tutor. It's sometimes necessary to guard against a tendency to be somewhat impulsive. You are at your best when you don't rush things or allow yourself to be pressured. 
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a purveyor of harmony and peace. Blended are the personal dash, optimism, enthusiasm and directness of manner of Sagittarius, and the tact, personal charm and friendliness of Libra. Both signs are independent, but in neither is the tendency toward perseverance very strong. Shortcomings in this regard are well compensated by the fact that you have a great deal of confidence in yourself and which you can effectively reflect in your dealings with others, and a very good understanding of people in general. Good will, a cheerful nature, and a sincere concern for friends and family are at the core of this combination. You excel at avoiding an argument, and when one does break out you take on the role of the mediator. You may even sacrifice winning your point to maintain the peace. You aren't so open-minded that your brains fall out, but you are one of the most tolerant people you know. Much more intellectual than emotional, little seems to get under your skin and you slip through life pretty much a free spirit. While you have a strong sense of pride and won't tolerate anything that degrades or people that try to make you feel inferior, you are not overly ambitious. Regardless of what you achieve in life, you will probably feel content. This is not to say that you stand still. In fact, you are probably in perpetual motion, but the motion is not headed in any special direction most of the time. Success can come in business simply because you have such sound reasoning abilities, accurate perceptions, strong powers of comparison and balanced judgment. You know how to eliminate extremes and excesses. Social life and friends are extremely important to you, both in a personal sense and because success and advancement are tied up somewhat with friends and contacts. The impression you can make is your most important asset.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces much self-reliance, and a life that develops very rapidly in the early years. You know what you want and you know how to achieve your ends; a true go-getter. Blended are the well-developed capacity for judgment and wisdom innate in Sagittarius, and the Scorpio's knack for throwing everything into a project and fighting until the battle is won. Thus, it is easy to see why you can accomplish so much when you set your mind to it. Optimism and determination; a truly hard combination to defeat. Your nature is subtle and clever, as well, making you good at strategy in handling affairs in business or in the professions. The challenge of this position is handling people with tact and diplomacy, controlling temperament, and avoiding too direct or too blunt of an approach. You have to avoid conflict to really succeed. Your mind is quick and the ability to think on your feet is really superb, but all of this quickness is wasted if you are too impetuous. You have a lot of emotional energy, which when under the control and direction of your will and your mind, gives the force to achieve very high objectives in life. Actually, there is a good bit of sensitivity in your nature, and much of your aggressiveness is a defense that instinctively attacks. Your attacks are aimed right at the most vulnerable spot in what you say or do. You need to concentrate on listening to the opinions of others, and control your emotional reactions, allowing them to work for you.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces an explosive personality that is always on the go and very much involved. Mentally and physically you are a hair-trigger and rapid-fire type. You're quick to play your hunches, and these impulses are generally fairly sound. Your nervous energy is so high you require frequent periods of rest and relaxation to avoid mental fatigue. You accept a lot of responsibility because you don't like to see things half done or poorly managed. You think in large terms, and people with pessimistic attitude turn you off. You can even get down on yourself if you don't feel you're living up to your potential. You see things in abstract ideals and you live by your stern judgments, expecting others to likewise conform to your standards. You are not necessarily devoid of emotions, but you're a little short on human sensitivities. You have a dramatic way of stating your views, sometimes bordering on a sort of pomp and circumstance. As serious as you are, your actions are often more reactions, based on a solid core of common sense and your idealistic views. There is much indication of leadership in this placement, and when others don't adhere to your lead, you are very quick to express your righteous indignation. There seems to be an impersonal detachment to your nature that relates on principle and ideals rather than specific situations and individual problems.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a vigorous thinker who is capable of rising to a high position through the strength and originality of mind and expression. We probably don't have to worry too much about your self-esteem; it is naturally strong and a key feature of your success. This is a very practical and executive combination. It blends the personal dash, optimism, enthusiasm, foresight, and directness of manner common with Sagittarius, and the ambition, shrewdness, realism and practicability of Capricorn. This is great for dealing in business affairs. Mental prudence or instinctive cautiousness enable you to keep expansive plans or ideas on a practical or realistic basis. Good foresight lets you chart the way things turn out and intuitively understand the future course of business. Viewed as practical, realistic and ambitious, you garner a good deal of responsibility. Personal integrity is a strong point in your nature and this help you build a flawless reputation. While the Capricorn Moon will never let you lose sight of your goals, the Sagittarius Sun want more than just power and is ever seeking happiness and personal satisfaction in the job well done. While its almost certain business will be the center of your attention, other interests will be important, as well. Cultural associations such as music and art can have decided appeal. You are highly executive, and definitely an executive with outstanding balance.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is independent, idealistic, romantic and highly expressive. The pairing provides the dash, optimism, enthusiasm and foresight of Sagittarius combined with the originality and independence of Aquarius. You have a great sense of timing and persuasive abilities which enables you to inspire and move people, whether the topic you are expounding on is profound or merely chatter. You have a dramatic way of putting things that gets your point across with emphasis. You easily become a crusader for any cause that you take up, whether it be broad or petty. You generalize and provide a constant stream of philosophic reasons to justify whatever moods, actions, or ideals that may have grabbed your immediate attention. You are extremely trustworthy and people find you so, and put a lot of responsibility on your shoulders. Because you can manage popular feelings, you are generally capable of getting what you want out of life. Dramatic and artistry are your forte. You have an excellent sense of what people want to hear and see. Assuming a leadership role is natural for you. Even if you are not in a leadership role, you are usually able to pull people together, and because you are so socially aware, you seem to always do or say the right thing. You are truly interested in people and you have a great intuitive insight to understanding a broad range of individuals. You may be very well suited for work in politics, public, civic or community service, or in organizations or movements.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a nature with much scope and depth. Your love of mankind is genuine and deep-rooted, and you are always looking for a cause to which you can devote your time and effort. You respond to people in such an understanding and broad-minded way. Tolerance is so pronounced in your nature that it can sometimes be to your detriment; you can actually be understanding when you should be putting your foot down. Most of the time, however, you have such great powers of insight and of recognizing the truth. You live in a world of ideals and are not greatly interested in things on the material plane. You are not one to blow your own horn, in fact, it would almost seem you possess a true sense of humility of spirit. Emotionally, you are impressionable and romantic, and you can be imposed upon by individuals who play on your general sympathetic approach. You are forgiving, incapable of holding a grudge, and utterly free of meanness, spite, jealousy, or vengefulness. Perhaps you aren't practical minded, but you do know your own worth and you can succeed in your own way at whatever you do. Success may depend upon overcoming restlessness and perhaps a tendency to worry too much. You underestimate your own abilities, to keep in the background of affairs or lack somewhat in self-confidence. You dislike petty details and boring routine, but at the same time you can gain most in developing concentration and in focusing your energies on definite objectives.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a very forceful and purposeful personality. You have a strong drive to succeed, and you're willing to work very hard to insure that this becomes a reality. Prestige is vital to your happiness. You know how to impress people, but you steadfastly refuse to give any appearance of bowing and scraping, or to make any gesture of empty flattery. You can be counted on to be tactfully agreeable while barely being able to hold back your own very distinct personal opinions. With some experience, you may at least learn to hold your tongue and exercise a minimal degree of patience when dealing with the many lacking your capacity for putting thought into action. This pairing suggests a rather shrewd quality in your nature, and it likewise makes it very clear that you understand well the ways of the world and you know how to deal with them very effectively. Your brand of tact is to speak softly and carry a big stick; diplomacy combined with a vigorous invulnerability. You have a good head for working out solutions to many sorts of problems. You have an honorable, if gruff, way of dealing with people. You're not one to pull the wool over someone's eyes, but you may do a bit of fast talking to win your point when this becomes necessary. You know how to get a project off the ground, to generate enthusiasm, and get long-range plans into effect. You are the type that will take on so much that you can work yourself into a nervous breakdown if you're not careful. You should learn moderation in work, in opinions, and in the general forcefulness of your nature.
The combination of the Sun in Capricorn and the Moon in Taurus creates a very solid and fixed personality. A sense of determination is strongly marked in your nature. You have a realistic and determined mind, and much stability of character. You believe things will work out for the best for you and very often they do. You have little difficulty maintaining a focus on your goals, and you continue to work toward them with a special determination. You ambitions are deep-rooted, with a doggedly persistence of will. You enjoy facing challenges and having many tough problems to solve. You seldom change your mind or alter you path of progress. You are so steadfast in your direction that it is hard for you to adapt to changing conditions. You may lack somewhat in versatility or flexibility, but make up for slowness in adjustment by persistent effort and firmness of judgment. You are a conservative thinker, and you function best in well established affairs. You have a really strong sense of service in your nature and there is something of the Father confessor in you. People find your judicial and calm attitude about life's little problems very reassuring. Your criticism comes in the form of gentle firmness and usually with a smile. Calm judgment and realistic evaluation of conditions help you become a strong executive or professional. You are a manager, an organizer, with solid and practical ideas.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very mentally ambitious personality. You are likely to be very studious and interested in developing your talent for self-expression in respect to writing or public speaking. A lot of mental curiosity keeps you alert to new ideas and simulates your interest in learning. The Gemini Moon makes you flexible, versatile, and adaptable. This shows up mostly in your mental quickness; you are such a fast learner, swiftly assimilating impressions and ideas and making quick decisions. Your variable nature is also shown by the number of times you change your mind, your opinions, and your ideas. You are always so clever, never at a loss for words and this is the talent you can really build a reputation on. A good planner and organizer, you have much personal ingenuity and inventiveness producing a constant stream of new ideas and methods. Your talent in all forms of self-expression may guide you to some type of work that involves writing, or in the field of advertising. With you outwardly glib, witty and clever personality, it's surprising that you are really rather serious, practical and ambitious. In fact, at times, you worry a bit too much and allow anxieties to assume an undue proportion. Then you can be volatile and buoyant and act as though you didn't have a care in the world. Emotionally, you are a puzzle to yourself and certainly to those around you; inwardly sound, reliable, and practical, outwardly, changeable and contradictory.
The combination of your Sun and Moon sign produces a sensitive mind and personality endowed with a highly refined intuitive insight. You can "feel" the truth about people and conditions. While highly sensitive and somewhat introspective, you can gain by using your sensitivities along practical lines. You don't waste time trying to peddle things that people aren't buying. You have a knack for making money and the conservative instincts to hang on to it. You can be rather secretive at times, keeping things to yourself until you are ready to take others into your confidence. At times you feel the need to withdraw somewhat into yourself, establishing poise and balance in enjoying moments of quiet peace and introspection. Generally, you need to cultivate demonstrative or extroverted tendencies of personality by countering excessive introspection. There is a very strong domestic side to your nature; a deep interest in home and family. You need the support of these close personal and sympathetic relationships. Popularity is attained by combating an excessive personal reserve. Your main strength is will power and a tenacity of purpose. Be willing to to trust your intuitive impressions or feelings about things to guide you in the right direction.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces an individual designed to be in charge. You have a vigorous and vital personality capable of great popularity and of much success in the world. You are a very self-sufficient person, and somewhat aristocratic in your demeanor; a sort of aloofness and detachment that makes you seem important even before you are. You possess a charisma that allows you to work things out for your benefit without making a big display or adamant demands. You know how to be assertive and diplomatic at the right times and in the right manner. You may want power and position, but you go about getting these in a quiet, cool and collected way. You believe in yourself and know how to translate your belief to others. You like to be the leader in any undertaking because you usually feel that you are the one most qualified to run the show. You are a very down-to-earth person, a materialist. The abstract, the philosophic, or the visionary, hold little interest for you. Emotionally, you are ardent although not exactly warm-hearted. Emotions are not likely to ever interfere with duty and responsibility.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a somewhat reserved personality, but one that is well concealed by the pleasant and outstanding image that is shown to the world. You bluff the appearance of being sure of yourself and your purposes. Actually, you have a great deal of difficulty making decisions and your self-assurance is very thin indeed. You progress best in activities in which the rules of the game are well established and decisions play a minimal part in the evaluation of success. You are well-endowed mentally, possessing a logical, systematic, analytical and discriminating mind. Your strong point is in analysis or analytical criticism, as you seek to build up a strictly rational foundation of thought. You control feelings and emotions with an iron grip. In all emotional matters you're careful and controlled. Much of the time you are content to be pretty much a loner. You are not an easy person to talk to or to live with because you are so aloof, reserved, and cautious. Academically you may be outstanding, especially when it comes to facts and realities. Perhaps not so when it comes to theories and hypotheses. A precocious knack for grasping facts may aim the focus of your life toward scholarly pursuits, and your real strength come out when you are allowed to focus your capacity for concentration on a single objective.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is drawn in two opposite directions. The nature of Capricorn is highly disciplined and cautious, while Libra is rash and impulsive. What tends to result is a rather positive persona, with a sort of inspirational faith in your own infallibility, a bit the eccentric at times, but generally a very amiable individual. You like people, but the driving force in your nature may be more material than humanitarian. You are not very romantic, and there is a detachment about you that belies your real need for people. You are extremely social, and like to have people around you, but at the same time, you do not warm up to them very quickly; you are somewhat proud, a bit suspicious, and as a result, you remain aloof. You have a talent for mixing socially, however, and for getting along well with your superiors using a tact and diplomacy that assures progress in business interests. You capitalize in business, or in a profession, on persuasiveness and a friendly attitude of diplomacy. You very much dislike direct conflict or hostile situations, and your instinct to do the right thing to preserve peace and order is generally appreciated by all. Your talents also feature the ability to exercise sound and impartial judgment, especially in a business environment; the ability to mentally balance things, criticize and compare. There is a certain mental foresight that lets you see the flaws in plans before they become reality and cause problems. This well-balanced mentality is well backed by serious purpose and thoughtfulness, a desire to get ahead and assume responsibility. Maintaining balance and equilibrium can prove to be the key to your success and happiness. Your interests in business are enhanced by your ability to win others to your point of view by persuasiveness and utter charm.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces in you an extremely strong inner drive and a keen sense of your own importance as an individual. A certain rigid inner pride keeps your self-respect always at a high level. Early on, temperament may be a problem, but as you mature cooperation is learned and a judicial and rather stern nature rules the personality. A very reserved individual, you often express yourself in quiet ways, always remaining perfectly capable of communicating disapproval without saying even a word. Most people think of you as a very reasonable person and in may ways you are. It is very difficult, however, to ever persuade you that you are wrong because of a highly inflexible core within. Often you may use the tactic of appearing not to understand the other person's point of view, even when it is quite clear to you. You are very honorable, loyal, and devoted, with a keen sense of the sobriety of life, and of your duty as a part of it. Right or wrong, you hold to your first impressions of people, especially if those first impressions were not good. You are a very understanding of people and their problems, and while you usually can remain very much detached, you are a good listener and provide sound advice. Emotions never seem to interfere with your reasoning power.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a high-powered physical and mental person. Your energies, at times, seem boundless. This is a strange pairing of strict discipline with bold enthusiasm and idealism. The openness and outgoing attitude that Moon in Sagittarius brings is a fine complement to the often morose and easily depressed nature of Capricorn, producing a somewhat worldly-wise personality that handles self and others with the greatest of ease. You love the camaraderie of getting together with the gang, becoming involved in a multiplicity of interests and activities. But success and attainment in life may depend on development of concentration and encouragement of staying power in maintaining your drive and purpose. You are a traveler at heart, and your restless nature has a need to be on the go all the time, either physically or mentally. With the enthusiasm you naturally possess, reckless expenditure of energies can be a problem. You do have a lot of ambition, and you can be both political and direct in going after your objectives; diplomatic or shrewd, as well as frank and sincere. Using either approach, you are instinctively honest and truthful. You are a very expressive person with high ideals and a keen sense of values. A good mentality and quick wit give you a way with words. The development of this ability can be a major key to success. You must be aware that your words do have impact on others, especially the sensitive types who you may offend with your very direct speech. Although you are a broad and inclusive person with strong humanitarian instincts, in many ways you are a little picky when it comes to friends and close relationships. You insist that those you associate with be intellectually compatible, and when you find yourself in the company of people you consider intellectually inferior, you are not at all comfortable. Companionship is very important to you, but intellect is usually placed ahead of sentiment. This is a very powerful and achievement oriented combination. It is one in which enthusiasm blended with serious purpose and realistic understanding of values, can assure a great deal of success.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very serious individual indeed. Saturn, ruling Capricorn, is a restricting influence, a taskmaster, and an overseer. When both the Sun and Moon are positioned in this sign, the personality is a little on the heavy side. Although you are likely to have a heart of gold, your nature is somewhat rigid and unbending. You demand realism, truth and facts, rejecting anything that is superficial or frivolous. Ambition is powerful and self-control is almost a fetish. There is a good deal of character associated with this placement, although you can be single-minded in achieving your goals and ambitions. Reliability is the key, as you are ever dependable, and people can depend on you doing exactly what you say you are going to do. You are not one to settle for second best no matter how hard it seems to be first and best. You are not a humanitarian by nature, and it can almost be said that your drive for power and status make you self-centered and perhaps even a little selfish. There is a cold, hard, invulnerable streak in you that resists personal associations, even as you know how to appeal to others in a general sense.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a thoughtful, sincere, and responsible inner nature, and a friendly personality. A good healthy respect for yourself and your own talents demands the respect of others. Your sincerity and genuine interest in people makes you very popular, and you enjoy involvement in a good bit of public activity. The Aquarius Moon gives you a streak of originality and sometimes genius that sets you apart from most Capricorn; you're more progressive and apt to be attracted to new interests and sudden mode changes effecting the way you feel about things. While you believe strongly in traditional values and tested methods, you are not afraid of the future and you rarely fail to sense the merit of a good progressive idea. You have good insight into human nature as well, and you're usually able to choose the right friends and associates. You are at your best when involved in important groups and associations, clubs or societies, for you know how to put your personality over, and draw people to you. In this arena, your greatest skill becomes apparent and you are opportunistic in selecting the right people to deal with and to help you. In business, you have splendid organizing abilities and skill for making money, often along unusual lines, and especially when it requires using your special talent for dealing with people. You have an independent streak in your nature, however, and you work best without personal supervision. You are not one to make snap judgments. You need time to think and reflect. Given this time, you can always make sound progress through prudent forethought and an ability to bridge the past to the present and the future. Although always friendly, you have a hard determination about you that is going to make itself felt. Your pride is great and you may be something of a social climber; status is very important to you. Your emotions are very controlled and guided by your intelligence and judgment. Your calm and intelligence makes you a good companion, but probably not a passionate lover. What you lack in ardor you make up in stability.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign is harmonious and interesting. You have a receptive temperament and you're strongly influenced by outside impressions and environment. You mix a very practical, serious and ambitious side, with a somewhat restless and variable personality. It may be hard, sometimes, for you to exhibit the firmness and steady purpose so often attributed to Capricorn. Often this is overshadowed by a sentimental and sympathetic touch to your nature. You have an intuitive insight that makes you very aware of the feelings of others. You have a rather serious and penetrating interest in life, and to you, most issues seem to have depth and complexity. Honest and trustworthy, you would never resort to trickery or deceit. You are thorough in your work and eager to know all you can about a variety of things. Your nature is very humanitarian and you are likely to be much less materialistic than many fellow Capricorn natives. In personal relationships, you need to exercise discrimination, overcoming a somewhat passive tendency that makes you susceptible to the influences of others.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a quick aggressive mind, a keen sense of your own intelligence, and a sort of judicial attitude toward the rest of the world. You have to look out for smugness and self-satisfaction for you are somewhat prone to have a bit of a superiority complex. You are a very solid thinker, and what you know is usually accurate, well thought out, and well stated. But you can be cool, aloof, and detached, for your emotional side is anything but strong. Oddly, you do better when you don't seem so sure of yourself. This polarity combines the intellectuality and originality of Aquarius with the high spirit and independence of Aries. There is a lot of leadership potential in this match up, and indeed there is a firm and decided character. You push issues aggressively, often with the limited prudence or forethought that characterizes Aries. You don't like supervision generally because of fixed and independent nature; you're best when you can work on your own without much interference. Although, as noted, you have a very fixed or stubborn disposition, you readily respond to bright new ideas, and in fact, you come up with your fair share of these, so it can never be said that you are the least bit reactionary. Personal impulsiveness or the tendency to precipitate matters suggests a need for patience, or perhaps just a willingness to wait for the right time to do things that you know instinctive need to be done. Enthusiasm keeps you on the move, and you find it difficult to be inactive either mentally or physically. Happiness can be increased by decreasing the demand for total personal independence and taking time to cultivate smooth relationships.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a personality that people find easy to like and admire. This is not so much for what you do as it is for what you don't do. Your never petty or small, and your appeal is to those in the higher as well as the lower rungs of society. You don't pester people with your worries and anxieties, but when others come to you, you drop everything to listen to their problems. You're interested in people, and like to be around them as an observer, but somehow maintaining a distance and not getting too involved individually. You rate people not on their position or rank, but simply on whether they interest you or not. You have a certain self-sufficiency about you, and you never feel that you have to put on airs to impress anyone. You have all it takes to be executive, except the desire that would be required. You seem to be devoid of any domineering or missionary spirit, willing to "live and let live." This combination blends the originality and independence of Aquarius, with the determination and powerful will of Taurus. These two fixed signs together give a will that is so strong that it may become obstinate and intransigent. Happiness can depend on assuring peacefulness and harmony in environment or home life, and in respect to human relationships. You need to be deeply interested in people.
Your Sun and Moon combined produces, quite surprisingly, a romantic personality. Idealism is strong, mixed with some critical tendencies. A romantic, but definitely living more by your mind that by your senses. You dramatize life and yourself, often expanding and enhancing the facts of a matter, idealizing love affairs and life in general. You rarely exclude much of the fat from your stories. The Aquarius/Gemini mix yields a very harmonious and versatile combination, blending the independence and originality of the Aquarius, with the wit, versatility, and intellectuality of Gemini. Intellectually you are quick, apt, and intuitive, but with a tendency to skim only the surface of most subjects you encounter. In the real world business, this can be a handicap. Your attention span is rather short. It's hard to pin you down to reality, and you can easily find yourself drifting in life. If this is not so in business, then it probably is in your personal life. Having and holding a fixed purpose can be a problem. Actually, however, your nature is truly much more fixed than it appears. Success depends on emphasizing the decisive potential in your nature, and becoming involved in some form of creative activity that allows you to express yourself mentally. You put facts and ideas together so quickly that you are a natural for advertising, writing, public speaking, or in just about any kind of job that allows you to live by your wit. You tire easily of routine and detail. There is a duality in your nature that shows rapid changes in moods and attitudes. You change your mind often and abruptly. Companionship is extremely important to you. You need someone to talk to constantly, and that someone must be mentally compatible and stimulating to your intellectual growth and cultural achievement.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a personality that reflects less of the Aquarius nature and emphases more of the influences of the Moon than in any other possible Aquarius pairing. This is simply because the Sun in never really strong in Aquarius, and the Moon is always especially strong in its natural sign, Cancer. You are far more subjective and not nearly so detached and aloof as the typical person with an Aquarius Sun. Nonetheless, this combination blends the originality and independence of Aquarius with the feelings, sensitivity and tenacity of Cancer. You possess a somewhat restless and changeable nature because of a deep sensitivity and receptivity to outside influences. You're susceptibility to surroundings and associations enables you to respond quickly to other people, as you intuitively know when you are liked or disliked. Your uncanny faculty for responding to others allows you to always be very popular and to have a wide circle of friends. You possess considerable personal charm, normally proving gracious and considerate in contact with other people because you have a kind disposition. Social life and personal relationships mean a good deal to you. You can be very popular in business life because you take a personal interest in the affairs and activities of employees and business associates. A natural inclination for industry and persistence or tenacity of purpose in business or profession should assure success. You have the knack for feeling the truth about things rather than having to reason them out. Your ability to think things through is never as reliable as your feelings about a matter. Usually you can maintain a realistic, if optimistic, approach to every job to decide to tackle. You think in terms of success, the maximum, and the best that you can do. You enjoy casual social gathering and you're always a good host. You can achieve success in many field, perhaps as much on your personality as your actual talents. Your greatest asset is no doubt your understanding of human nature, and your greatest weakness may be the lack of understanding of the complexities of your own nature.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces the sort of personality that is always there to help people in need; a true humanitarian. Because this trait is so strong in your nature, you're a bit of an easy mark for con men or other friends and family that would take advantage. You are the one people come to when they have problems and need help. You are proud, independent, and self-reliant, and you don't like to have your original good opinion of people upset. Because of this, you keep a bad bargain and perhaps stay with a relationship that has gone sour. There are times, thanks to your deeply emotional but expansive and friendly nature, that you need to be hard-headed and practical in dealing with people, particularly in handling people making demands on your time or money. This combination blends the originality and independence of Aquarius with the emotional warmth and confidence of Leo. Born near a full Moon, you possess the inclination to project your personality into the world or affairs. Sensitive and affectionate, marriage strongly influences your life. Naturally friendly, you have a great capacity for kindness and sympathy, and you love very deeply. Sometimes romantic interests may cloud your judgment and ability for practical action. Just the same, these are both fixed signs, and you are very hard to convince against your will. You follow your inner feelings and can be positive and determined when you feel you are right. As a leader, you employ a style of warm and affection rather than by using more stern and harsher methods. You have a tendency to be impulsive and jump to conclusions, often making decisions without due forethought. Principle means a great deal to you and you are strongly influenced by this and by your feelings, affections, and emotions. Success comes most easily, however, when you can keep your emotions under the control of your intellect.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is very outstanding in anything that requires critical and analytical ability, for you indeed have a great intelligence and true mental prowess. You are believable and sincere; a person who gives excellent sound advice, usually in a very matter-of-fact way. You plan precisely, and proceed with confidence and assurance. You insist on taking your time in the thought processes, and you rarely ever go off half-cocked. This combination blends a friendliness, originality and independence that is Aquarius, with the discrimination, precision and practical abilities of Virgo. Both signs are noted for producing intelligence, reason and logic. The blended personality is neat, careful and prudent, and shows a persistence toward learning and concentration on detail; there is the ability to detach yourself from personal issues, and focus on the problem that you have at hand. Emotions never interfere with your thinking because of your ability to face facts and to reason things out with a keen critical analysis. Hence, you don't make many mistakes. You are somewhat fastidious in your tastes, neat and orderly, and perhaps particular in dress. Your ability to analyze gives you an intuitive insight into peoples feelings, but your responses are largely restrained, and you come across as being somewhat aloof. Demonstration of affection may need cultivation at times to assure harmony and happiness. You have a great deal of potential in business because of your ability to marshal facts and important information relating to scientific matters, and apply your knowledge in a practical endeavor.
The combination of your Sun and your Moon sign produces a personality that is somewhat akin to a gust of wind. It can be powerful and forceful, but lacks constancy and is often subject to direction changes. Your impact on an issue can be amazing while your interest in maintained, but you're apt to leave the project half finished and be off to another. As long as you are dedicated and enthused things move swiftly, but as soon as you tire of concentrating, you move on to something more interesting and more exciting, uncommitted and unchained by emotional ties. This attitude may apply to people just as it does to projects or tasks, and you may abandon a relationship without so much as a "fair thee well." Your circle of friends may be wide, but few are close or enduring. Marriage is very important to you, but settling down to a stable relationship will be difficult and will take some time. You have a somewhat frivolous attitude about living life, and a tendency to ignore conventions and rules of conduct can cause you to be periodically ostracized or criticized. Your outlook is broad and tolerant, and you are very forgiving of others for their errors as you hope they will be forgiving of yours. You have an ability to analyze and categorize people in a very effective way. You know how to sell yourself or sell your product with forcefulness and persuasiveness without being objectionable, and your ability to success depends on heavily on this asset.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces an individual that appeals to others, but one that lives strictly by its own laws. There is a highly fixed blending of the originality and independence of Aquarius with the emotional intensity and will power of Scorpio. You command a lot of respect, but more importantly, you have a healthy self-respect, as well. Your personality is very strong, and you possess tremendous powers for good or for constructiveness if you can only keep your emotional impulses under mental control. You have a stubborn desire to get your own way, and you're a highly determined leader. As a leader, you are one to work right along with your subordinates since you never expect anything from anyone that you yourself are not willing to do. You have a good deal of ambition and enterprise, and these are well supported by a dogged determination, making you very forceful when it comes to getting things done. Some of your action may seem a bit impulsive and ill-advised, but no one ever has to coax you to take an initial step or make a decision. The intensity of your personality and the determination to achieve keeps you constantly on the go. It's important for you to learn to relax, for the restlessness of your driving nature can have a damaging effect on your health if you don't learn to unwind and perhaps communicate with nature a bit. It's also good for you to learn not to take yourself so seriously, learn to laugh at yourself, and refrain for being to rigid. Certainly, there is nothing superficial in your nature, and there is little that you cannot accomplish when you put your mind to it. Your persistence and tenacity of purpose light your way to success.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produce an individual who is very active, both physically and mentally. Independence of mind and action, thought and expression, are the keynotes of your nature. This pairing combines the friendliness, originality and independence of Aquarius, with the honesty, sincerity, directness and enthusiasm of Sagittarius. Your personality is friendly and active, expressing independence and freedom in your thinking and in your abilities to see ideas through to completion. A friendly and a very understanding nature tends to place you firmly on the humanitarian side on most issues, and you are likely to busy yourself doing something that in some way directly benefits your fellow man. There is an instinctive and deep-rooted love of truth and knowledge that endows you with a noble and sincere nature. You intensely dislike any sham or deception, and you play the game of life and business by the rules. You never are willing to in any situation to compromise your principles. You admire honesty and straightforward people, and you hold more to individuals possessing these traits, regardless of their station in life. You have a common sense approach to life; although you are put off by intellectualism, you love to philosophize and dream. Actually, you have the qualities of an uncompromising intellectual; honesty, strong opinions, and a broad viewpoint on world affairs. You are impulsively quick to act on your ideas, advanced and revolutionary as they may sometimes be. You believe in getting things done, and done in shortest possible time, employing the most innovative methods you can devise.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a positive and authoritative personality; a very solid and practical individual with individualistic qualities. The Aquarius side of this nature brings originality and independence, but this is tempered by the conservatism, deep ambition and caution of Capricorn. Your calm persistence, deep determination and talent for cold calculation or prudent thinking assure sound judgment and realistic evaluation of conditions or situations. You know your course in life and you are not one to be diverted by emotional factors. Restless at times, you need to keep busy in your profession, business or public life. You have a powerful sense of responsibility and deep seriousness to your nature. Business responsibilities may be heavy. You have great inner sources that enhance your personality. This is a combination that shows the talent to cope with large enterprises and for handling large numbers of people. You have strong, deeply rooted convictions and ideals, and you conduct your business with a strict code of ethics. You are a natural executive with humanitarian leanings, as you combine friendliness and fair play with your strict business principles. You strive more for power and authority than for wealth and material success.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a nature that is strong--a little bit indefinite, but strong. This is a combination that is somewhat of another world-ethereal, philosophical, and extremely open-minded. Your individuality and personality is a blend of the Aquarius traits of refinement, intelligence, and a broadly humane nature. Refined and intelligent, this combination provides the possibility of high talent or a streak of genius to be constructively developed. Ideas are prolific, and likely range from the conventional to the eccentric and the unusual. This is a position that is hyperactive mentally, but perhaps a procrastinator. Mentally, you are a trail-blazer, but one who definitely has a very short attention span for you apt to get yourself involved with a wide variety of subjects and avocations. Aquarius has very humanistic instincts, a natural friendliness, and a talent for understanding and reading character. It is easy for you to blend with with strangers, and dealings with people rarely cause you any problem. Just the same, you are independent or somewhat individualistic, and require considerable personal freedom of thought and action. You are apt to success rather easily in business because of a combination of traits you possess. You are people oriented and thus, able to understand the needs of the public. You are original and progressive in your thinking; new ideas and advanced techniques are your forte. Aquarius is a so called fixed sign, so there is a strong fixed element associated with your personality, a high degree of focus and determination in your nature, giving the tenacity to see any of the many tasks that you undertake, through to completion. Whether you are in business or scientific pursuits, you are motivated by very deep interest in doing something positive for world; for improving people's lives in some way. It's important that you stay busy with the expression of your ideas and talents. You are best when unsupervised and independent in your work; at your worst when required to perform any sort of routine or overly systematized task. You're a bit on the high-strung side, and need to be sure of getting adequate relaxation and outside activities that allows the release of tensions. With your ability for controlled rational thinking, clear perception, and humanitarian concern, you surely have a lot to offer the world at large.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a mind that is very original and able to grasp the most vague, ethereal and extreme concepts. The blend mixes friendliness, originality and independence of Aquarius with the emotional sensitivity and imagination of Pisces. You are a person who is naturally persevering and conscientious, being interested in detail, method and order. Your way of reacting to the world is very interesting. You can spend days just dreaming and speculating. You are fascinated by the unusual and the abstract, finding it interesting to take up studies in any number of bazaar topics. Loving to read and study, you may become very well informed on a wide variety of subjects. You lean heavily on your hunches and way out ideas, and you're easily distracted from routine work. You dream a lot and you have an utter faith in the dreams you dream. Your mind can get so far afield on some vaguely related tangent that you may even forget what the task at hand originally was. Your perceptions are so vividly acute that it is often not practical to pay attention to all of them. You live a private life of your own, into which few others ever penetrate. A keen imagination or a sort of mental vision allows you to be good money-maker in a variety of fields; you seem to be able to intuitively realize possibilities and take advantage of them. You success relies on talent and intelligence since you don't project a particularly strong leadership personality. There is a tendency for you to let things drift. At times you should display a more forceful will, but by and large you develop a very pronounced prudence and sense of caution. You can benefit in overcoming or controlling a tendency to accept things in a passive way, or in being too friendly and obliging if others incline to take advantage of your good nature.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces an inner nature that differs greatly from the outer or projected personality. Its hard to strike a balance between a sense of inward peace, and reactions that are quite impulsive, active and even aggressive. There is a blending of emotional sensitivity, adaptability and understanding that is Pisces, with the high spirit and independence of Aries. With this there is generally a strong urge for personal advancement, fame or at least recognition, but you may need greater confidence and inward incentive to realize these desires. You may possess considerable ability for personal expression if you can just make the decision to go after it. Your strength lies in your natural love of knowledge and your urge to always be well-informed. You are also very self-reliant; showing keen mental ability, the ability to think for yourself. Its important for you to avoid extremes in your life, understanding the value of moderation and self-control. You should not neglect your need to find a peaceful world and a calm approach to problems, despite natural tendencies to overdo and be rather hard-driving. In many ways you seem to be very assertive, competitive and determined, but in actual fact, you are not really as positive and sure of yourself as you appear. In some ways there is a good bit of bluff in your personality. You put a lot of romance and feeling into everything you do, expressing much enthusiasm with a most purposeful approach to life. Yours is an unusual combination in that it possesses a rare capacity for depth of feeling, imagination and vision, while it also features so much personal assertiveness and and a powerful demand for independence.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that is highly sociable, and one that clearly possesses a good bit of social tact. You're a sensitive person, but you likewise have an acute sense of the other person's feelings and sensitivities, and you therefore are a very agreeable person that avoids hurting anyone--that is until you're opposed--and then you can get very stubborn. In other words, you are easy to get along with; you don't impose on people, but you definitely won't allow yourself to be imposed on either. You feel that debts have to be kept even, and even in a social sense, you don't like to feel that you owe anyone. This may be because you are a little bit unsure of yourself, and want to make sure you say and do the right thing. This combination blends the Pisces understanding, sensitivity, and a sense of adaptability, with the practicality and determination of Taurus. The two signs blend well, and are mutually strengthening to one another. This pairing allows coexistence of an easy-going nature, yet one possessing a stability and tenacity of will not often found in the Pisces native. You have a staying power and a control over impulsiveness that allows you to take things in stride, and you seem to have a simple and efficient way of getting things done. Nonetheless, there is apt to be considerable sensitivity in your nature, and surely a great deal of feeling for things and people. This is a combination that very often produces talent in an artistic or musical sense. Both signs are creatively imaginative and suited for a career in the arts. The social attitude of this pairing provides a deep consideration of others that is very beneficial to success in a wide range of endeavors, business and professional.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality with a gift for duality. The Pisces symbol features the fish swimming in opposite directions, while the twins of Gemini are looking in two different directions. Both symbolize the variable nature of this pairing, the tendency to go off in different directions, or face real mental binds and problems. You may feel one way, while logic tells you to go another way. Unfortunately, you don't really possess the sort of logic that is normally associated with Gemini; the Pisces side of your nature will see to that. Variable, adaptable, changeable, and always a bit indecisive, you have the ability to play the chameleon. Strangely, this personality can alternate between the expression of flexibility and stubbornness, both badly timed. You will yield when you should be firm and hold your ground when discretion would be wiser than valor. One moment you will be sure that you want to follow a certain course of action; the next moment you'll change your mind even though you may have already committed yourself to the first plan. What must be learned is that you should not talk until your mind is made up. You truly hate to hurt people and you will do everything you can to avoid doing this. For all of this, you invariable do end up disappointing some. You are loved and respected as a leader by those that work for you; but you are not nearly so likely to be appreciated and respected by your superiors because you are changeable and you're stubborn when opposed. It is a good thing that you adapt very quickly to changing circumstances, for you seem to be the type of individual that is constantly facing difficult situations with which you must deal. The strength of this combination is the blend of emotional sensitivity and intuitive understanding (Pisces), and flexibility and intellectuality (Gemini). Keen mental powers and alert senses stimulate urges to always continue the process of learning.
The combination of your Sun and Moon signs produces a personality that is deep in feelings and very complex. You are sensitive and alert to the opinions and the feelings of the world around you, and with sort of a sixth sense, you can give the public what it wants almost before it knows that it wants it. Whatever you decide to do, you go about it with the greatest seriousness and intensity. You tackle any job with vigor, discipline, and drive. Your personality is very controlled and self-assured. The forcefulness in your nature was put there by self-discipline, as you were originally a rather shy person who had to make yourself get out into the public eye. You know how to handle people and win them over to your way of thinking because you understand them so well. You know when to concede and when to stand your ground.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality that seems to be on a perpetual see-saw. You go up when you would prefer to go down and vise versa. You'll give in to the wishes of others, without really knowing why. It's difficult to predict how you will react to anything, because you always seem to be asking yourself if you should do what you want or what everyone else wants you to do. Most of the time you do what others want you to do, whether or not you are in agreement. Your personality blends the emotional sensitivity and feelings of Pisces with the warmth and aggressiveness of Leo. Your personality blends the emotional sensitivity and feelings of Pisces with the warmth and assertiveness of Leo. You're likely to be more positive and forceful than people perceive you, making you seem somewhat variable or contradictory. On the surface you may seem to be a pillar of strength, but you are easily swayed. Personal relationships are extremely important to you. You are not necessarily a clinger, but you do depend on others for your happiness and good spirits. Depression comes easily to you. You can be happy one moment, and the next you can be tired, sad, and blue.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a personality blending emotional sensitivity and intuitive understanding with the Virgo traits of discrimination, intellectuality and practicability. You are at your best in mental analysis, constructive criticism and common sense decisions. Your discriminating mind tends to exert a stabilizing influence on emotional sensitivity. There is a working together of the intuitive and practical. You can make your intuitions, feelings and impressions about things useful in practical affairs. You have a deep sense of the truth and an ability to face facts. This is a combination that depends heavily on discrimination and analytical insights into affairs; you are naturally versatile, flexible and highly adaptable, but you have the innate ability to keep your mind on whatever you are doing. While you may have serious intent and considerable ambition, you don't seem to take yourself too seriously. You do best in professions that don't demand much in the way of exercising authority. Efficiency and precision are the keynotes of your nature and of your mind. You have little difficulty guiding your activity to avoid mistakes and unnecessary errors. Particular and somewhat fastidious, you show good taste in dress as well as in your choice of words. Happiness depends on maintaining balance between the emotional and mental sides of your nature, avoiding the tendency to alternate between sympathy and coolness of response. You do good things quietly and with little fuss, stressing conscientiousness and a subdued conviction. You live sanely and calmly, achieving success through the exercise of intelligence.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a congenial and dreamy personality that is very pleasant indeed. This combination blends the emotional sensitivity and intuitive understanding of Pisces, with the mental equilibrium, courtesy and friendliness of Libra. This yields a nature that possesses an equable temperament, seeking balance and a sense of fitness and proportion in all you do. There is nothing base, crude, earthy, ugly or terribly heavy about this personality. People respond naturally to you because you more or less exude a pleasing aura, and because you freely offer a ready ear and a bright, optimistic outlook. Even if you are not an intellectual scholar, you seem to have a very reliable sixth sense and extremely accurate perceptions. Tolerance is your ideal, and you understand much that others can't readily accept. You are not known for taking action, but rather for planning and preparing. You dislike being on a tight schedule or working under pressure. You don't put up with things that get you "up tight,"and indeed, you may lack the staying power sometimes to pull the really tough assignment through to completion. Nonetheless, you have a very optimistic attitude and you can see the "silver lining" in the clouds while others are still watching the storm. Yours is such an equable temperament, with a keen sense for harmony in sound, color and form. This is a combination that seems to naturally seek balance and harmony, with aesthetic qualities strongly marked.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a very emotional and sensitive personality. Will power and the intensity of intuitive perceptions are the key feature of your nature. You possess a strong, fixed and determined personality, though inwardly you are less firm and decisive. Keen senses and acute powers of observation favor success in along investigative and research lines. Personal qualities of persistence, determination and courage add stability to your nature. Emotional expression is strong and dramatic, and you are not afraid to display your feelings in a public manner at times. You demand a lot of life and get it, so long as you don't let temperament get the best of you. Once you set your mind to something, you possess the energy and will to reach your objective. Your possibilities are enhanced by deep intuitive perceptions, hunches, feelings or impressions about things and situations. You keep your ideas and plan secret and in this sense you are very reserved. In relationships, you are too intense, often to possessive, and too prone to extremes in moods and feelings. Emotions can create major problems in your life or prove to the main spring of your vitality and strength in obtaining your objectives.
The combination of your Sun sign and Moon sign produces a personality that is never content with earthy, materialistic, or mundane goals. Your stride is long, smoothly sweeping, and unwilling to settle for less than the best. You are willing to try anything possible to achieve your goals. The influence of these signs is most idealistic and high-minded. Your vision of acceptable is to most, the impossible dream. A certain spiritual quality attaches to everything you do. Unfortunately, it's hard to live comfortably on such a high plane of existence. The "sage" aspect of Sagittarius combines effectively with the Pisces fluid expression of mind, spirit and emotions producing wisdom that is freely expressed with great feeling. This is not to say that you are always practical and constructive. Too much of the time your ideas are vague, hypothetical, and intangible. In many ways you are the impractical visionary, thinking in broad, general terms rather than dealing with specifics and details. You are a highly expansive person and may try to spread your energies far too thin. Definitely, you are not a materialist, perfectly satisfied so long as the world gives you a living to go on with your important work. You are an idealist through and through and have some of the naivete that attaches to idealism, in spite of your intuitive wisdom.
The combination of your Sun sign and your Moon sign produces a pleasant, sweet-tempered outlook most of the time. There is a blending of emotional sensitivity and intuitive perception of Pisces, with the conservatism, deep ambition and prudence of Capricorn. The Pisces personality is naturally shy and sensitive; Capricorn is a natural introvert. Yet when combined, Capricorn tends to provide a degree of confidence, drive, and strength of purpose, without being overly materialistic and shallow. Though you have your feet planted solidly on the ground, your sensitivity and capacity for sympathy enable you to avoid materialism. You want to get somewhere in life, but without appearing pushy or too determined. Subtlety is your style and method. Success comes from combining your inner intuitive perceptiveness with outward practicality, responsibility and integrity. You are practical, realistic, objective and persevering. Organization is specialty, perhaps even your fetish. There is a serious note in your nature making you keenly aware of duties and responsibilities. Financial affairs may play an important role in your life and progress can depend on sound handling of financial affairs and avoiding the insecurities of indebtedness. The personal qualities of prudence and caution increase self-restraint and encourage control of the restless and emotional tendencies of your nature. Your desires for prominence, social and business distinction proves a powerful incentive in your field of activity. You can achieve these goals after you have clearly visualized what you desire to achieve, as your success depends on concentrated effort. A good manager, you can easily see the big picture and prefer dealing with the whole rather the detail of the parts. You have a tendency to underrate yourself and worry much too much.
The combination of Sun in Pisces and Moon in Aquarius produces crusaders of all sorts. Emotional sensitivity and intuitive perceptions of Pisces is blended with the friendliness, originality and independence of Aquarius. People enjoy your company because you are so easygoing, charming and versatile. A cheerful outlook and the ability to make acquaintances easily usually results in the development of a large circle of friends. People interest you, and you possess what may be termed true humanitarian and philanthropic inclinations. You can find success in business because of your ability to get along easily with people and make friends out of strangers. Despite this ease of cooperation, there is a lot of independence in your nature and you dislike the dull and the routine. At times you may experience sudden and perhaps unexplainable changes in mood or feeling. Progressive inclinations and original thought are your greatest assets. You are a dedicated person in that you must come to believe firmly in what you are doing. Once you are completely convinced of the worth or value of a cause or of a product, your talent for persuasive speech and quiet persistence assures success. Conversely, when you are less than fully convinced of the value of a program, you are not nearly so effective. You have a very original way of thinking and acting that combines the intellectual with the emotional. A strong inner imagination blends your feelings with your intellect, keeping you from being either too coldly intellectual or too emotional.
The combination of your Pisces Sun and Moon signs produces a dualistic personality and one that is quite difficult for the world to easily understand. You are highly introspective, almost to the extent that the outer world around you seems odd and full of what you perceive as weird notions. A tendency to withdraw, makes you strangely inaccessible at times. Yet you have a very warm and likable quality when you allow yourself to open up to others and let these traits show. You have an enormous faith in your intuition and your self-sufficiency, but at the same time, you value close relationships and social activity. For the most part the double Pisces is amenable, acutely interested in others, and a trustworthy friend. In handling your work, you are by nature very painstaking and accurate in detail. You are loyal to your duties and fulfilling obligations. Mentally you are quick, perceptive, intuitive, with an almost mystic belief in your hunches. Insight and creativity is your great strength. You have an uncanny way of seeing the core and substance of things, making you both motivational and a universal-thinker. Artisitic performance is often your forte.