If the planet Venus is in Aries then your number one need for romance is passion! In sexual matters you're likely to be direct and bold. You're a flirt and can easily attract others to you even though you prefer to be the one who initiates a relationship. The thrill of the chase is a big turn on in love. In fact, to prevent boredom you must always feel pursued by your lover. Venus in Aries needs plenty of attention and stimulation. Since this is a sign known for assertiveness and independence, in matters of romance and sex, Venus in Aries takes the lead.
If the planet Venus is in the sign Taurus then your greatest need in love is security. Physical security by knowing your partner is sexually loyal will be crucial. Venus in Taurus is a possessive sign in love and since you give yourself completely to someone you love, you expect nothing less in return. In your heart, love equals ownership. Taurus loves everything that is stimulating to the senses so you are the typical Venus sign that enjoys being wined and dined in the most romantic settings. Plenty of hugs, cuddling and physical affection are given freely by this sign but are also needed for Venus in Taurus to feel loved in return.
If the planet Venus is in the sign Gemini you need to be loved for your mind above all else. You want to be valued as clever and bright and your endlessly stimulating conversation is sure to be one of your most attractive assets. In romance, if there isn't good communication then Venus in Gemini probably won't pursue a sexual relationship and you definitely can't fall in love with someone who doesn't know how to tickle your cerebellum. You enjoy variety in romance and while this does tend toward losing interest in one partner quickly, Venus in Gemini can be loyal just so long as you have a partner who understands your need for freedom and keeps you constantly stimulated.
If the planet Venus is in the sign Cancer then your most dominant need in love is emotional security. You are tender and sensitive in matters of romance and sex. You need to be nurtured and most easily express love for another by nurturing beyond a lover's wild expectations. This could lead to co- dependent relationships where you end up getting hurt, especially if you confuse love with smothering which you sometimes do. Venus in Cancer is timid when dealing with romantic pursuits. You much prefer to prove to a potential lover how you can feed their heart and soul rather than be bold and direct in sexual matters. Feelings must be genuine and if hurt in love having Venus in Cancer is likely to shield you from opening your heart for quite some time.
If the planet Venus is in the sign Leo in your horoscope then love is a grand, romantic adventure! In fact, you're an incurable romantic and with Venus in Leo you're likely to be in love with love. You need loads of attention and open displays of affection and anyone lucky enough to romance you will be doused with warm, generous gifts. Venus in Leo expects to be treated like royalty in love and sex, but you also know how to treat your romantic partner like the King or Queen of your castle in return. Venus in Leo has a tender ego and strong pride in love so you do need loads of validation and attention but you're free with compliments and have such a strong need to experience true love that once you find it, your loyalty knows no bounds.
If the planet Venus is in the sign Virgo then your overwhelming need in love is to have the object of your potential affection pass some very discriminating tests before you're truly willing to step into romance. Yes, Venus in Virgo is famous for that "checklist". It could intimidate potential lovers but that's not really a threat since they'll never even know you're analyzing them to decide whether or not love is possible in the first place. Venus in Virgo does all this quietly and without fanfare. Your greatest need in love besides perfection is simply to be needed. You most easily express love by being of service to your lover and taking care of all those details in life. When you criticize or nag, it's only because you care so deeply and expect such pure love.
If Venus is in the sign Libra then your most dominating need in love is to have peace at any price. You actually tend to experience much conflict in matters of romance but show your love through an innate desire and extraordinary talent to restore harmony through quarrels. Your Venus in Libra wants to be loved for diplomacy and a sense of justice. You also have an amazing need to be in a committed partnership so casual sex is usually not your best route. An intellectual connection in romance is a must for Venus in Libra. Your ability to compromise is one of your strengths in love and you tend to attract others easily through a pronounced physical beauty.
If Venus is in the sign Scorpio then you have an intense need to love with more physical and emotional depth and commitment than perhaps any other sign. Love is not taken lightly and once love has infiltrated your soul it's there for good. Venus in Scorpio needs to be in control of this decision to fall in love however so it's likely you'll end up being initially guarded and slow to reveal yourself to a prospective lover as you size up the genuine potential of long term romance. Sex is the ultimate expression of love to Venus in Scorpio; however you're not interested in casual sex per se. You want intimacy. You want to know the good, bad and ugly when you're in love with someone and experience the ultimate pleasures and pain together.
If Venus is in the sign Sagittarius then you love with an adventurous spirit and searching mind. You need freedom in love, that's for certain. Any forced commitment or overbearing lover is likely to send you running for the hills. But at the same time, if a romantic partner can engage your higher mind and click with your ideals and beliefs then you might never get that itch to escape. Then you know you've found a soul mate. Venus in Sagittarius attracts others easily through a fun loving personality and infectious sense of optimism and idealism. Venus in Sagittarius will need a sense of humor in love and may tire easily if romance or sex becomes too predictable.
If Venus is in the sign Capricorn then your love nature is more serious and reserved than other signs. Your most predominant need in love is that it endures and is based on fulfilling your practical needs. Love is given a heavy dose of realism with Venus in Capricorn. There's no romance if you can't pay the bills. Sex can be a serious deal for you as well and you're able to exhibit a great deal of control over your libido. This sign can't love someone who has no goals or ambitions but is instantly attracted to someone responsibly climbing that ladder of success. With your Venus in Capricorn you'll show love through proving how able you are of taking care of the business in life and helping your love do just that.
If Venus is in the sign Aquarius, your love needs revolve around experimentation and thinking outside the box when it comes to sex and romance. Venus in Aquarius will attract others through a progressive, open and radical mind that isn't going to obey traditional rules of love. This is the "rebel" in love. You value friendship and a strong mental connection in romance and may appear less comfortable than other signs when it comes to expressing heavy emotion. Venus in Aquarius must have independence and freedom in love so a traditional relationship usually won't work for this sign. If a lover values you for your eccentricity and unpredictability then you may have found true love.
If Venus is in the sign Pisces then you need to transcend the boundaries of physical love and completely surrender your body and soul to romance. You attract others easily with your compassionate and forgiving ways however this sensitivity does make you vulnerable to being easily taken advantage of. Venus in Pisces can confuse sex with love and expect impossible ideals from romance. It's so easy for you to lose your breath and get carried away with a dreamy enchanted world you've created. You may fall in love with someone who another sign would quickly discard. Venus in Pisces is capable of seeing the potential for love in anyone. If someone understands your imaginative, dreamy tendencies and can respect your need to escape reality without using you, then you've found true romance!